Clause: End User License  Agreement                                                                 
Rev. September  2021                                    © ForNAV ApS                                                Page 1 of 6 
 
End User License Agreement  (EULA)  
 
1. DEFINITIONS  
 
1.1. "Licensee " shall mean a physical person or legal entity that has acquired a license to the 
Software .  
 
1.2. "EULA" shall mean this standard End User License Agreement.  
 
1.3. "ForNAV" shall mean ForNAV ApS, CVR number DK 37045160 . 
 
1.4. "Initial Update Term" shall have the meaning set out in clause 6.3 below.  
 
1.5. "Partner " shall mean the authorized reseller or distributor of ForNAV from whom the 
Licensee has purchased the license to the Software . 
 
1.6. "Software" shall mean any software  (whether provided as downloadable or as an online 
service) , tool, utility, documentation , or similar  delivered by ForNAV including the license 
file, and any revision , update , or upgrade hereto which are made available by ForNAV  to 
the End User under the terms and conditions set out in this EULA . 
 
1.7. "Working day " shall mean Monday to Friday, except for national holidays in Denmark, and 
5th of June, 24th of December , and 31st of December.  
 
2. SCOPE OF THE END USER LICENSE  
 
2.1. ForNAV  hereby grants to the Licensee a non -assignable and non -exclusive right to use the 
Software in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in this EULA  solely for the 
Licensee’s own internal business operations.  The license is effective upon installatio n by 
the Licensee and remains in force until termination by either party.  
 
2.2. The Software can be licensed as (i) a perpetual license or (ii) a subscription license that 
needs to be renewed monthly or annually  (every 12 months).  
 
2.2.1.  A perpetual license gives the Licensee a right to use the licensed version of the 
Software  perpetual ly. 
 
2.2.2.  A subscription license gives the Licensee a right to use the Software ( the current or 
at any time the latest version) one (1) month or one (1) year fro m the date of 
purchase.  The ForNAV Pricelist will determine which options are available.  If the 
subscription license is not renewed, the Licensee no longer has  any right to use the 
Software.  
 
2.2.3.  A subscription license is automatically renewed, unless the Licensee has informed 
the Partner otherwise by giving three  (3) months' written notice before  the end of 
an update term (a 12 -month period)  for a yearly subscription – or two ( 2) weeks ’ 
notice for  a monthly subscription . 
 
2.3. The Software is a standard product. It shall be the sole responsibility of the Licensee to 
ensure that the functions of the Software fulfill the requirements and expectations of the 
Licensee.   
 End User License  Agreement                                                                 
Rev. September  2021                                    © ForNAV ApS                                                Page 2 of 6 
2.4. The Licensee’s right to use the Software requires that the Lic ensee has accepted the terms 
and conditions in this EULA . One license (perpetual or subscription) gives the Licensee the 
right to use the Software for one physical person  or one legal entity , for the number of 
users and user types acquired , and for one database or one tenant . 
 
2.5. The Licensee  agree s that ForNAV may audit the Licensee's use of the Software for 
compliance with this EULA at any time, upon reasonable notice. In the event that such an 
audit reveals any use of the Softwar e by the Licensee  other than in full compliance with 
the terms of this EULA, the Licensee  shall reimburse ForNAV for all reasonable expenses 
related to such an audit in addition to any other liabilities the Licensee  may incur as a 
result of such non -compliance.  
 
2.6. In case of termination of the agreement with the Partner, ForNAV may with regard to 
ForNAV’s Software take over or reassign  the Licensee of the Partner to another partner.  
 
2.7. In case  the Licensee wants to reassign to another partner  other than the Partner , the 
Licensee must inform ForNAV hereof in writing no later than two (2) months before the 
end of an update term, cf. c lause 6 below.  
 
3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS  
 
3.1. The Licensee shall obtain no rights to the Software. ForNAV  retains all intellectual property 
rights to the Software , updates, documentation , and all data enclosed in it, including, but 
not limited to, copyright, trademark s and other rights, titles and interes ts in the Software.   
 
3.2. The Licensee is not permitted to publish the Software without the explicit, written consent 
of ForNAV . This also applies to any documentation delivered by ForNAV . 
 
3.3. The Licensee may not reverse engineer, decompile , or disassemble the Software except 
when otherwise allowed by mandatory statutory provisions. The Licensee shall always 
notify ForNAV  in writing in advance of such acts.  
 
3.4. Upon an infringement of ForNAV ’s intellectual  property right s, ForNAV  shall be entitled to 
terminate this Agreement for cause with immediate effect, as per clause  11.2. 
 
4. USE OF THE SOFTWARE  
 
4.1. By installing, copying, or otherwise using the Software, the Licensee  agree s to be bound 
by the terms of this EULA.   
 
4.2. The Licensee acknowledges that the use of some parts of the Software and licensing may 
require connection to the Internet.  
 
4.3. Should the Licensee use the Software, including any documentation, for another physical 
person or legal entity than  the Licensee , ForNAV  is entitled to a penalty amounting to two 
times  ForNAV ’s list price for the unpaid End User license. The p enalty shall be calculated 
in accordance with the list price of the End User license valid at the time ForNAV  becomes 
aware of the unauthorized  use of the Software.  
 
4.4. The Licensee alone is responsible for the backup of all data, configurations , and settings 
stored in the Software.   
 
 
 End User License  Agreement                                                                 
Rev. September  2021                                    © ForNAV ApS                                                Page 3 of 6 
5. USE OF THE SOFTWARE WITH FORNAV ONLINE SERVICES  
 
5.1. Some use of the Software  requires the Software to use one or more online services in the 
cloud computing platform Microsoft Azure (or other cloud computing platforms). It is 
expressly stated that ForNAV is not responsible for downtime or other interruptions in the 
service relatin g to Microsoft Azure (or other cloud computing platforms) and/or otherwise 
out of ForNAV's control.  
 
5.2. The usage of ForNAV online services on Microsoft Azure (or other cloud computing 
platforms) is covered by ForNAV , based on "fair usage " consumption.  This is defined as 
executing 100 pages (print to printer, PDF, Microsoft Word, preview, Save As…) per user 
per day , measured as an average over 30 days. For the "unlimited users" license, this is 
defined as 1000 pages (print to printer, PDF, Microsoft Word, preview, Save As…) per day, 
measured as an average over 30 days. Should the number of pages exceed this, ForNAV 
reserve s the right to invoice the Licensee for additional cloud computing usage.  
 
5.3. When using the ForNAV online services, data ar e transferred to and from the service . This 
data is not stored or logged by ForNAV. The Licensee accept s that ForNAV can have access 
to data as part of a support incident , preventive troubleshooting, debugging , or other 
activities to ensure stable  operation of the ForNAV online services . ForNAV may collect 
telemetry data about usage of the software for performance, optimization, improvement , 
and statistics . 
 
6. UPDATES  
 
6.1. ForNAV will use its best endeavor s to ensure on -going development of the Software, 
including correction of errors and inexpediency and, at the discretion of ForNAV, to change 
the Software with the aim of making the Software compatible with new versions of third -
party’s standard software.   
 
6.2. Subscription license:  
6.2.1.  When purchasing a subscription license to the Software , an update fee is included 
in the subscription license, thus the Licensee will have access to relevant updates.  
 
6.3. Perpetual license:  
6.3.1.  When purchasing a perpetual license  to the Software, the purchase of relevant 
updates is mandatory in the first year (the "Initial Update Term") . The Initial Update 
Term runs from the date of purch ase for the following 12 months . The Licensee 
must pay an update fee for  the Initial Update T erm, according to the ForNAV 
Pricelist .  
 
6.3.2.  After the expiry of the Initial U pdate Term, the Licensee will have access to relevant 
updates , unless the Licensee has  informed the Partner otherwise  by giving three  
(3) months' written notice  to the end of an update term (a 12 -month period) . The 
Licensee must pay an update fee for access to these updates , according to the 
ForNAV Pricelist .   
 
6.3.3.  Should the Licensee decide not to renew, the Licensee will no longer be eligible for 
any new updates, to support, nor to purchase any additional users or features to 
the license.  
 
6.4. In the event that  the Licensee has terminated this Agreement with or without cause in 
accordance with the provision in clause  11 and wants to reactivate it, the Licensee must 
pay for both the  updates that have been released in the  inactive term and any new updates . End User License  Agreement                                                                 
Rev. September  2021                                    © ForNAV ApS                                                Page 4 of 6 
The update fee for the inactive term (the retroactive fee) shall be calculated on the basis 
of the license fee paid at the time of the acquisition of the license , in accordance with the 
ForNAV Pricelist . The retroactive fee is calculated yearly with the percentag e rate stipulated 
in clause  6.3.1 plus three ( 3) percentage points.  
 
6.5. The Licensee acknowledges that updates to the Software may not work with the Licensee’s 
hardware, add -ons, third -party software , or custom fit adjustments or modifications.   
 
6.6. The use of updates is the sole responsibility of the Licensee, and  the Licensee should install , 
test, and validate any update in a similar test environment , before installing on their 
production system . 
 
7. SUPPORT  
 
7.1. The Partner is the Licensee’s first point of contact and reference in respect to all matters 
concerning the Software, including but not limited to support.  
 
7.2. ForNAV offer s online support  to the Partner .  
 
7.3. Support enquiries that are not related to errors  that are reproducible in the most recent 
version of the Software and in the most recent version of the Microsoft Dynamics  365 
Business Central standard database  and that cannot be answered electronically or that 
require more in -depth conversation or meetings, will be invoiced according to the ForNAV 
Pricelist . 
 
8. ASSIGNMENT  
 
8.1. The Licensee is not entitled to  lend, lease, sublicens e, transfer , or otherwise assign  its 
rights and obligations given u nder this Agreement without ForNAV ’s prior  written  consent. 
Any assignment shall not be legal without ForNAV ’s prior written consent. Assignment also 
includes transfer or adoption in connection with a merger, demerger, outsourcing , and 
similar events or activities within and outside the group of companies to which the Licensee 
belongs.   
 
8.2. If the Licensee assigns the Software  in conflict with the provisions above, ForNAV  may 
terminate this Agreement with immediate effect, as described in clause  11. 
 
8.3. ForNAV  may at any time in full or in part assign its rights and obligations under this 
Agreement to any third party.  
 
9. INFRINGEMENTS OF THIRD -PARTY RIGHTS  
 
9.1. ForNAV  represents and warrants that it has the right to license the Software, including any 
documentation, to the Licensee, and that ForNAV  holds the necessary rights, titles , and 
licenses to allow the Licensee to perform all rights contemplated by this Agreement, and 
that the Software does not infringe any third -party's right that is valid within and 
enforceab le in Denmark.   
 
9.2. The above representations and warrant ies do not apply to infringements or 
misappropriations result ing from modifications of the Software, including any 
documentation, by the Licensee, or the Licensee's operation or use of the Software with  
devices, data , or software furnished by the Licensee.  If the Licensee embeds  fonts or any 
other third -party intellectual properties using  the Software, it is the sole responsibility of 
the License e to have the necessary rights to do so.  End User License  Agreement                                                                 
Rev. September  2021                                    © ForNAV ApS                                                Page 5 of 6 
 
9.3. If a third party towards the Licensee claims that the Software infringes third -party rights, 
the Licensee shall immediately inform ForNAV in writing and ForNAV shall take over the 
defense  of the claim. ForNAV shall at its cost have full control of any proceedings arising 
out of any infringement of third -party rights.  
 
9.4. If the License e becomes aware of any infringement or potential infringement of the 
Software it shall pro mptly notify ForNAV in writing.  
 
10. PROVIDED "AS IS"  
 
10.1.  The S oftware  and any related documentation is provided "as is" without warranty of any 
kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties or 
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose. The entire risk arising out of use or 
performance of the Software  remains with Licensee .  
 
10.2.  The Software delivered under this Agreement is a standard product, and the Licensee is 
aware that no software product is faultless in all situations and combinations.   
 
10.3.  ForNAV  shall not be liable for any defects. This Agreement includes neither warranty 
against defects, nor any warranty of fitness or suitability for a particular purpose.  
 
10.4.  Immediately after a reproducible error or defect is discovered or should be discovered , the 
Licensee mus t give notice to ForNAV ’s Partner  whom  the Licensee is cooperating with at 
the time of the notification. Upon notification , the Licensee must specify the error or defect.  
 
10.5.  ForNAV  will use its best endeavors to remedy errors and defects which are reproducib le in 
the most recent version of the Software and in the most recent version of the Microsoft 
Dynamics 365 Business Central standard database . 
 
10.6.  The actual scope and procedure for remedy of any errors or defects is at the free and 
independent discretion of ForNAV, who  may remedy essential errors and defects by 
releasing an update of the Software.  ForNAV  will remedy non -essential errors and defects 
to the extent ForNAV  finds it necessary . 
 
11. TERMINATION  
 
11.1.  The Licensee may terminate this EULA for the future at any time by ceasing the use of the 
Software and promptly destroying and deleting all copies, including any documentation. 
The Licensee shall not b e entitled to any refund of the license fee.   
 
11.2.  In the event that the Licensee fails to comply with any of the terms or conditions of this 
Agreement, ForNAV  may terminate for cause the Licensee's right to use the Software, 
including any documentation, at any time upon a written notice of 30 days. Upon such 
termination the Licensee must destroy and delete all copies of the Software, including any 
documentation . The Licensee shall not be entitled to any refund of the license fee upon 
such termination.  
 
12. LIABILITY OF THE LICENSEE  
 
12.1.  General rules of Danish law are applicable to the  Licensee ’s breach of contract.  In the event 
of the Licensee's breach of any of its ob ligations set out in this EULA, ForNAV shall be 
entitled to terminate this EULA with immediate effect.   
 End User License  Agreement                                                                 
Rev. September  2021                                    © ForNAV ApS                                                Page 6 of 6 
13. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY  
 
13.1.  ForNAV  expressly disclaims any liability, whether expressed or implied  with regard to (i ) 
defects and errors, which are not related to the Software , but which are related to external 
factors, including other software products of the Licensee, (ii) acts or omissions of the 
Partners of ForNAV  (iii) the interaction between the Software  and any o ther hardware 
and/or software environment and organization at the Licensee’s location  or at any remote 
location, including but not limited to hosting or data centers  (iv) errors, defects , and 
inexpediency of third -party’s standard products, delivered by ForNAV (v) the Licensee’s 
changes and/or modifications in or with the Software , and (vi) compatibility between the 
Software  and any new version, update etc. of third -party’s s oftware.   
 
13.2.  ForNAV  shall not in any way be liable for circumstances related to the non -fulfilment of the 
Licensee’s duties in respect of this Agreement. In no event shall ForNAV  be held liable for 
any damage resulting from loss of dat a, loss of profits or goodwill  or other consequential 
damages . ForNAV's liability can under no circumstances exceed the license fee paid by the 
Licensee under the Agreement  excluding any upda te fee paid in accordance with c lause 6 
above . 
 
14. CHANGES TO THIS AGREEMENT  
 
14.1.  ForNAV ’s Partner or distributor of the Software may not under any circumstances deviate 
from or make changes to these terms and conditions without ForNAV ’s explicit consent in 
writing, which must be made in accordance with the provisions in ForNAV ’s articles of 
association relating to the power to bind ForNAV .  
 
15. VALIDITY  
 
15.1.  If any provision in this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid , or unenforceable, such 
provision(s) shall nonetheless be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, 
so as to ref lect the original intent of the parties. Such provision(s) shall not affect the 
legality and validity of the other provisions in this Agreement.   
 
16. GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION  
 
16.1.  This EULA shall be governed and construed by Danish law, and supersedes all prior and 
contemporaneous oral and written proposals and communications respecting the subject 
matter hereof.   
 
16.2.  The Parties will use all reasonable efforts to solve any controversy  that may arise from this 
EULA amicably at senior management levels of both parties. Disputes that cannot be 
settled amicably shall be settled at the Copenhagen City Court.  
 
17. INTERPRETATION  
 
17.1.  If any provision of this EULA is held illegal or unenforceable by any court of competent 
jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed separable from the remaining provisions of 
this agreement and shall not effect or impair the validity or enforceability of the remaining 
provisions of this agreement.
Predicted Category: 
