Clause: ENGLISHAPPLE INC.SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR macOS VenturaFor use on Apple-branded SystemsPLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT (“LICENSE”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE APPLE SOFTWARE.  BY USING THE APPLE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, DO NOT INSTALL AND/OR USE THE APPLE SOFTWARE AND, IF PRESENTED WITH THE OPTION TO “AGREE” OR “DISAGREE” TO THE TERMS, CLICK “DISAGREE”. IF YOU ACQUIRED THE APPLE SOFTWARE AS PART OF AN APPLE HARDWARE PURCHASE AND IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, YOU MAY RETURN THE ENTIRE APPLE HARDWARE/SOFTWARE PACKAGE WITHIN THE RETURN PERIOD TO THE APPLE STORE OR AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTOR WHERE YOU OBTAINED IT FOR A REFUND, SUBJECT TO APPLE’S RETURN POLICY FOUND AT https://www.apple.com/legal/sales-support/. YOU MUST RETURN THE ENTIRE HARDWARE/SOFTWARE PACKAGE IN ORDER TO OBTAIN A REFUND.IMPORTANT NOTE: To the extent that this software may be used to reproduce, modify, publish or distribute materials, it is licensed to you only for reproduction, modiﬁcation, publication and distribution of non-copyrighted materials, materials in which you own the copyright, or materials you are authorized or legally permitted to reproduce, modify, publish or distribute. If you are uncertain about your right to copy, modify, publish or distribute any material, you should contact your legal advisor.1. General.A. The Apple software (including Boot ROM code), any third party software, documentation, interfaces, content, fonts and any data accompanying this License (“Original Apple Software”), as may be updated or replaced by feature enhancements, software updates, security responses, system ﬁles, or system restore software provided by Apple for your Apple-branded computer or supported peripheral device (“Apple Software Changes”), whether preinstalled on Apple-branded hardware, on internal storage, on removable media, on disk, in read only memory, on any other media or in any other form (the Original Apple Software and Apple Software Changes are collectively referred to as the “Apple Software”), are licensed, not sold, to you by Apple Inc. (“Apple”) for use only under the terms of this License. Apple and/or Apple’s licensors retain ownership of the Apple Software itself and reserve all rights not expressly granted to you. You agree that the terms of this License will apply to any Apple-branded application software product that may be preinstalled on your Apple-branded hardware, unless such product is accompanied by a separate license, in which case you agree that the terms of that license will govern your use of that product.B. Apple, at its discretion, may make available future Apple Software Changes. Apple Software Changes, if any, may not necessarily include all existing software features or new features that Apple releases for newer or other models of Apple-branded computers. The terms of this License will govern any Apple Software Changes provided by Apple, unless such Apple Software Changes are accompanied by a separate license, in which case the terms of that license will govern.C. Title and intellectual property rights in and to any content displayed by or accessed through the Apple Software belongs to the respective content owner. Such content may be protected by copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties, and may be subject to terms of use of the third party providing such content. Except as otherwise provided herein, this License does not grant you any rights to use such content nor does it guarantee that such content will continue to be available to you. You are prohibited from republishing, retransmitting or reproducing any images accessed through News or Maps as a stand-alone ﬁle.2. Permitted License Uses and Restrictions.A. Preinstalled and Single-Copy Apple Software License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, unless you obtained the Apple Software from the Mac App Store, through an automatic download or under a volume license, maintenance or other written agreement from Apple, you are granted a limited, non-exclusive license to install, use and run one (1) copy of the Apple Software on a single Apple-branded computer at any one time. For example, these single-copy license terms apply to you if you obtained the Apple Software preinstalled on Apple-branded hardware.B. Mac App Store License. If you obtained a license for the Apple Software from the Mac App Store or through an automatic download, then subject to the terms and conditions of this License and as permitted by the Services and Content Usage Rules set forth in the Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions (https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/) (“Usage Rules”), you are granted a limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive license:(i) to download, install, use and run for personal, non-commercial use, one (1) copy of the Apple Software directly on each Apple-branded computer running macOS Monterey, macOS Big Sur, macOS Catalina, macOS Mojave, macOS High Sierra, or macOS Sierra (“Mac Computer”) that you own or control;(ii) If you are a commercial enterprise or educational institution, to download, install, use and run one (1) copy of the Apple Software for use either: (a) by a single individual on each of the Mac Computer(s) that you own or control, or (b) by multiple individuals on a single shared Mac Computer that you own or control. For example, a single employee may use the Apple Software on both the employee’s desktop Mac Computer and laptop Mac Computer, or multiple students may serially use the Apple Software on a single Mac Computer located at a resource center or library; and (iii) to install, use and run up to two (2) additional copies or instances of the Apple Software, or any prior macOS or OS X operating system software or subsequent release of the Apple Software, within virtual operating system environments on each Apple-branded computer you own or control that is already running the Apple Software, for purposes of: (a) software development; (b) testing during software development; (c) using macOS Server; or (d) personal, non-commercial use.Except as expressly permitted in Section 3, the grant set forth in Section 2B(iii) above does not permit you to use the virtualized copies or instances of the Apple Software in connection with service bureau, time-sharing, terminal sharing or other similar types of services. Except as expressly permitted in this Section 2B, you may not use the Apple Software to run any Apple operating system software, including iOS, iPadOS, watchOS or tvOS, in virtual operating system environments on Mac Computer(s).C. Volume or Maintenance License. If you obtained the Apple Software under a volume or maintenance license program with Apple, the terms of your volume or maintenance license will determine the number of copies of the Apple Software you are permitted to download, install, use and run on Apple-branded computers you own or control.  Except as agreed to in writing by Apple, all other terms and conditions of this License shall apply to your use of the Apple Software obtained under a volume or maintenance license.D. System Requirements; Apple ID. Please note that the Apple Software is supported on only Apple-branded hardware that meets speciﬁed system requirements as indicated by Apple. In addition, use of and access to certain features of the Apple Software and certain Services (as deﬁned in Section 6) may require you to apply for a unique user name and password combination, known as an Apple ID.E. Fonts. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, you may use the fonts included with the Apple Software to display and print content while running the Apple Software; however, you may only embed fonts in content if that is permitted by the embedding restrictions accompanying the font in question. These embedding restrictions can be found in the Font Book/Preview/Show Font Info panel.F . Voices; Live Captions. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, you may: (i) use the system voices included in the Apple Software (“System Voices”) (1) while running the Apple Software and (2) to create your own original content and projects for your personal, non-commercial use; and (ii) use the Live Captions automatically generated on-device in real time by the Apple Software (“Live Captions”), whether generated during a FaceTime call or otherwise, only for your personal, non-commercial use. No other use of the System Voices or Live Captions is permitted by this License, including but not limited to the use, reproduction, display, performance, recording, publishing or redistribution of any of the System Voices or Live Captions in a proﬁt, non-proﬁt, public sharing or commercial context.G. Photos App Features and Support. The Photos application of the Apple Software (“Photos App”) may not support some video and photo formats. Use of some features of the Photos App will depend on the features of your camera. Synchronizing photos with the Photos App and any Apple or third party services may result in loss of data. The slideshow graphics, music and themes included with the Photos App are only for personal, non-commercial use in slideshows you create using the Photos App. You may not use, extract or distribute, commercially or otherwise, on a standalone basis, any photographs, images, graphics, artwork, audio, video or similar assets (“Digital Materials”) contained within, or provided as a part of, the Photos App, or otherwise use the Digital Materials outside the context of its intended use as part of the Photos App.H. Content Caching Features.1.  To the extent that Apple and/or its aﬃliates make particular software and/or content available for caching (e.g., applicable content from the Mac App Store) (“Apple Eligible Content”), certain features of the Apple Software (the “Content Caching Features”) may automatically download and locally cache such Apple Eligible Content on your Apple-branded computer that is running the Apple Software (for purposes of this Section, such Apple-branded computer is referred to as the “Caching Enabled Mac”).  By using the Content Caching Features of the Apple Software, you agree that Apple may download and cache such Apple Eligible Content on your Caching Enabled Mac.  You can turn oﬀ the Content Caching Features of the Apple Software at any time by going to Sharing under System Settings on your Caching Enabled Mac.2.  The Content Caching Features of the Apple Software are for use only on a Caching Enabled Mac you own or control and solely for purposes of expediting the delivery of such Apple Eligible Content to authorized end users within your home, company or organization.  You understand that such users may need to separately authenticate with Apple prior to receiving the Apple Eligible Content and that the expedited delivery of Apple Eligible Content through the use of your Caching Enabled Mac will not modify the terms under which you or your end users receive such Apple Eligible Content. 3.  You acknowledge and agree that all use of the Apple Eligible Content is subject to the applicable license terms that govern the type of Apple Eligible Content being cached.  These terms may include, but are not limited to, the Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions, the iCloud Terms and Conditions, the iTunes U Instructor Agreement, the iTunes U Software License Agreement, and/or the applicable licensing terms that accompanied the software being downloaded, unless the download was accompanied by its own separate license agreement in which case the latter would apply.  A list of Apple Software License Agreements (SLAs) may be found here: https://www.apple.com/legal/sla/.  You acknowledge and agree that the use of the Content Caching Features and storage of Apple Eligible Content on your Caching Enabled Mac does not transfer to you any rights beyond those granted to you in the applicable license terms for the Apple Eligible Content and shall not constitute a grant, waiver, or other limitation of any rights of Apple or any other copyright owners in any Apple Eligible Content.4.  You are not authorized to deploy your Caching Enabled Mac with the Content Caching Features enabled on a network you do not own or control (or which you are not legally authorized to use for such purposes), or to permit access to such Apple Eligible Content from end users outside of your home, company or organization.  You agree to only use the Content Caching Features for your own personal, non-commercial use or for internal use within your company or organization, and only as expressly permitted herein.  You may not provide a service to third parties that integrates with or leverages services or information provided by the Content Caching Features or uses the Content Caching Features in any way.5.  By enabling the Content Caching Features of the Apple Software, you agree that Apple may store, monitor, and secure the Apple Eligible Content on your Caching Enabled Mac, and may collect and use technical information about your Caching Enabled Mac and related networks, including but not limited to, hardware identiﬁers and IP addresses, for such purposes.  You agree not to disable, disrupt, hack, circumvent, or otherwise interfere with Apple’s veriﬁcation, storage or authentication mechanisms, digital signing, digital rights management, or other security mechanisms implemented in or by the Apple Software, services, the Apple Eligible Content, or other Apple software or technology, or to enable others to do so.  6.  Apple reserves the right to stop making Apple Eligible Content available for caching on your Caching Enabled Mac (e.g., some content that you may have previously cached may not be available for subsequent caching) and to remove any cached Apple Eligible Content from your Caching Enabled Macs at any time in its sole discretion, and Apple shall have no liability to you in such event.  You understand that such caching of Apple Eligible Content may not be available in all countries or regions.  You may remove the cached Apple Eligible Content and disable the Content Caching Features at any time.I. Remote Desktop Connections.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, when remotely connecting from another computer or electronic device (each a “Device”) to an Apple-branded computer that is running the Apple Software (for purposes of this Section, such Apple-branded computer is referred to as the “Home Mac”), whether through the Screen Sharing feature or through any other means:(i) only one (1) Device may remotely connect at any one time, whether directly or indirectly, to control the graphical desktop session of the Apple Software that is running and being displayed on the Home Mac; and(ii) a reasonable number of Devices may remotely connect at the same time for the sole purpose of simultaneously observing the same graphical desktop session of the Apple Software that is running and being displayed on the Home Mac, as long as they do not control the Apple Software in any way; but(iii) only one (1) Apple-branded Device may remotely connect at any one time, whether directly or indirectly, to control a separate graphical desktop session of the Apple Software that is diﬀerent from the one running and being displayed on the Home Mac, and such connection may only be made through the Screen Sharing feature of the Apple Software.Except as expressly permitted in this Section 2I or Section 3, or except as otherwise licensed by Apple, you agree not to use the Apple Software, or any of its functionality, in connection with service bureau, time-sharing, terminal sharing or other similar types of services, whether such services are being provided within your own organization or to third parties.J. Other Use Restrictions. The grants set forth in this License do not permit you to, and you agree not to, install, use or run the Apple Software on any non-Apple-branded computer, or to enable others to do so. You agree not to remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary notices (including trademark and copyright notices) that may be aﬃxed to or contained within the Apple Software. Except as otherwise permitted by the terms of this License or otherwise licensed by Apple: (i) only one user may use the Apple Software at a time, and (ii) you may not make the Apple Software available over a network where it could be run or used by multiple computers at the same time. Except as expressly permitted in Section 3, you may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the Apple Software.K. Backup Copy. You may make one copy of the Apple Software (excluding the Boot ROM code and other Apple ﬁrmware that is embedded or otherwise contained in Apple-branded hardware) in machine-readable form for backup purposes only; provided that the backup copy must include all copyright or other proprietary notices contained on the original. Apple Boot ROM code and ﬁrmware is provided only for use on Apple-branded hardware and you may not copy, modify or redistribute the Apple Boot ROM code or ﬁrmware, or any portions thereof.L. Migration of Existing Software. If you use Setup/Migration Assistant to transfer software from one Apple-branded computer to another Apple-branded computer, please remember that continued use of the original copy of the software may be prohibited once a copy has been transferred to another computer, unless you already have a licensed copy of such software on both computers. You should check the relevant software license agreements for applicable terms and conditions. Third party software and services may not be compatible with this Apple Software and installation of this Apple Software may aﬀect the availability and usability of such third party software or services.M. Open Source. Certain components of the Apple Software, and third party open source programs included with the Apple Software, have been or may be made available by Apple on its Open Source web site (https://www.opensource.apple.com/) (collectively the “Open-Sourced Components”). You may modify or replace only these Open-Sourced Components; provided that: (i) the resultant modiﬁed Apple Software is used, in place of the unmodiﬁed Apple Software, on Apple-branded computers you own or control, as long as each such Apple computer has a properly licensed copy of the Apple Software on it; and (ii) you otherwise comply with the terms of this License and any applicable licensing terms governing use of the Open-Sourced Components. Apple is not obligated to provide any updates, maintenance, warranty, technical or other support, or services for the resultant modiﬁed Apple Software. You expressly acknowledge that if failure or damage to Apple hardware results from modiﬁcation of the Open-Sourced Components of the Apple Software, such failure or damage is excluded from the terms of the Apple hardware warranty.N. No Reverse Engineering. You may not, and you agree not to or enable others to, copy (except as expressly permitted by this License or by the Usage Rules if they are applicable to you), decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, decrypt, modify, or create derivative works of the Apple Software or any services provided by the Apple Software or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or by licensing terms governing use of Open-Sourced Components that may be included with the Apple Software).O. Compliance with Laws. You agree to use the Apple Software and the Services (as deﬁned in Section 6 below) in compliance with all applicable laws, including local laws of the country or region in which you reside or in which you download or use the Apple Software and Services. Features of the Apple Software and the Services may not be available in all languages or regions and some features may vary by region. An Internet connection is required for some features of the Apple Software and Services.P . Third Party Software. Apple has provided as part of the Apple Software package, and may provide as an upgrade, update or supplement to the Apple Software, access to certain third party software or services as a convenience. To the extent that the Apple Software contains or provides access to any third party software or services, Apple has no express or implied obligation to provide any technical or other support for such software or services. Please contact the appropriate software vendor, manufacturer or service provider directly for technical support and customer service related to its software, service and/or products.Q. Apple Software Changes. The Apple Software will periodically check with Apple for Apple Software Changes. If a change is available, the change may automatically download and install onto your computer and, if applicable, your peripheral devices. By using the Apple Software, you agree that Apple may download and install automatic Apple Software Changes onto your computer and your peripheral devices. You can turn oﬀ automatic operating system updates and Rapid Security Responses at any time by adjusting the settings found within System Settings > Software Update > Advanced.R. System Characters. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, you may use the Memoji characters included in or created with the Apple Software (“System Characters”): (i) while running the Apple Software; and (ii) to create your own original content and projects for your personal, non-commercial use. No other use of the System Characters is permitted by this License, including but not limited to the use, reproduction, display, performance, recording, publishing or redistribution of any of the System Characters in a proﬁt, non-proﬁt, public sharing or commercial context.3. Leasing for Permitted Developer Services.A. Leasing.  You may lease or sublease a validly licensed version of the Apple Software in its entirety to an individual or organization (each, a “Lessee”) provided that all of the following conditions are met: (i) the leased Apple Software must be used for the sole purpose of providing Permitted Developer Services and each Lessee must review and agree to be bound by the terms of this License;(ii) each lease period must be for a minimum period of twenty-four (24) consecutive hours; (iii) during the lease period, the End User Lessee must have sole and exclusive use and control of the Apple Software and the Apple-branded hardware on which it is installed, except that you, as the party leasing the Apple Software (“Lessor”), may provide administrative support for the Apple Software; and (iv) prior to using the Apple Software, the End User Lessee must review and agree to be bound by the terms applicable to any software preinstalled on the Apple Software, including, but not limited to Apple’s Xcode developer software and any other Apple or third-party software.For purposes of this Section 3: (A) End User Lessee means a Lessee who is the end user ultimately using the leased Apple Software solely for Permitted Developer Services; and (B) Permitted Developer Services means continuous integration services, including but not limited to software development, building software from source, automated testing during software development, and running necessary developer tools to support such activities. Each Lessor must provide Apple with advance notice prior to leasing or subleasing the Apple Software pursuant to this Section 3 by contacting Apple Developer Relations (https://developer.apple.com/contact/macos-license/).B. Subleasing.  A Lessee may further sublease the Apple Software pursuant to this Section 3 provided that such Lessee complies with all of the terms of this Section 3. A Lessee subleasing the Apple Software (who shall also be considered a Lessor under this Section 3) must fully relinquish exclusive use and control of the Apple Software and the Apple-branded hardware on which it is installed to its Lessee during the lease period.C. Enforcement. As a Lessor, you shall be responsible for: (i) ensuring that each Lessee complies with the requirements of this Section 3; (ii) ensuring each Lessee agrees to all applicable license terms; and (iii) assisting Apple in enforcing compliance therewith. If a Lessee breaches this License or other applicable Apple license terms, their rights to use the Apple Software shall automatically terminate and you agree to immediately terminate such Lessee’s use of the Apple Software upon your discovery of such breach or upon written notice from Apple of such breach.  D. Virtualization.  For each copy of the Apple Software subject to a lease under this Section 3, either a Lessor or a Lessee (but not both) may install, use and run additional copies or instances of the Apple Software within virtual operating system environments in accordance with Section 2B(iii), provided that a Lessor may only virtualize a single instance or copy of the Apple Software as a provisioning tool for the purpose of providing a Lessee with access to and use of the Apple Software pursuant to this Section 3. E. System Conﬁguration. If you are a Lessee, you acknowledge that the Apple Software may have been previously conﬁgured by the Lessor who is leasing the Apple Software to you, including the selection of settings for Analytics, Location Services, and other security, privacy and data collection-related features. You acknowledge and agree that Apple is not responsible for the conﬁguration of the Apple Software by the Lessor.4. Transfer.A. If you obtained the Apple Software preinstalled on Apple-branded hardware or if you obtained your license to the Apple Software from the Mac App Store or through a software update, you may make a one-time permanent transfer of all of your license rights to the Apple Software (in its original form as provided by Apple) to another party, provided that: (i) the Apple Software is transferred together with your Apple-branded hardware; (ii) the transfer must include all of the Apple Software, including all its component parts and this License; (iii) you do not retain any copies of the Apple Software, full or partial, including copies stored on a computer or other storage device; and (iv) the party receiving the Apple Software reads and agrees to accept the terms and conditions of this License. For purposes of this License, if Apple provides an update (e.g., version 10.14 to 10.14.1) to the Apple Software, the update is considered part of the Apple Software and may not be transferred separately from the pre-update version of the Apple Software.B. You may not transfer any Apple Software that has been modiﬁed or replaced under Section 2M above. All components of the Apple Software are provided as part of a bundle and may not be separated from the bundle and distributed as standalone applications. Note that the Apple Software provided with a particular Apple-branded hardware product might not run on other models of Apple-branded hardware.C. Any copy of the Apple Software that may be provided by Apple for promotional, evaluation, diagnostic or restorative purposes may be used only for such purposes and may not be resold or transferred.5. Consent to Use of Data. When you use the various communication features of the Apple Software, such as iMessage and FaceTime, with your computer, the Apple ID information you provide, your email address(es), certain unique identiﬁers for your computer and your iPhone’s telephone number are sent to Apple in order to allow others to reach you.  When you use iMessage, Apple may hold your messages in encrypted form for a limited period of time in order to ensure their delivery. You may turn oﬀ FaceTime or iMessage by going to the FaceTime or Messages settings on your Mac. Certain features like Analytics, Location Services, Siri, Dictation and Spotlight may require information from your computer to provide their respective functions. When you turn on or use these features, details will be provided regarding what information is sent to Apple and how the information may be used.  You can learn more by visiting https://www.apple.com/privacy/. At all times your information will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be viewed at: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/.6. Services and Third Party Materials.A. General.  The Apple Software may enable access to Apple’s iTunes Store, Mac App Store, Apple Books, Game Center, iCloud, Maps, News and other Apple and third party services and web sites (collectively and individually, “Services”). Use of these Services requires Internet access and use of certain Services may require an Apple ID, may require you to accept additional terms and may be subject to additional fees. By using this software in connection with an Apple ID, or other Apple Services, you agree to the applicable terms of service for that Service, such as the latest Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions for the country or region in which you access such Services, which you may access and review at https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/.B. If you sign up for iCloud, certain iCloud features like “iCloud Drive”, “My Photo Stream”, “Shared Albums” and “Find My” may be accessed directly from the Apple Software.  You acknowledge and agree that your use of iCloud and these features is subject to the latest terms and conditions of the iCloud service, which you may access and review at: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/icloud/.C. News App Content. Your use of content accessed through the News application is limited solely to personal, noncommercial use, does not transfer any ownership interest to you in the content, and speciﬁcally excludes, without limitation, any commercial or promotional use rights in such content.  D. Maps. The maps service and features of the Apple Software (“Maps”), including map data coverage, may vary by region. When you turn on or use Maps, details will be provided regarding what information is sent to Apple and how the information may be used. You acknowledge and agree that your use of Maps is subject to the latest terms and conditions of the Maps service, which you may access and review on the sidebar of the Maps application.E. You understand that by using any of the Services, you may encounter content that may be deemed oﬀensive, indecent, or objectionable, which content may or may not be identiﬁed as having explicit language, and that the results of any search or entering of a particular URL may automatically and unintentionally generate links or references to objectionable material. Nevertheless, you agree to use the Services at your sole risk and that Apple, its aﬃliates, agents, principals, or licensors shall have no liability to you for content that may be found to be oﬀensive, indecent, or objectionable.F . Certain Services may display, include or make available content, data, information, applications or materials from third parties (“Third Party Materials”) or provide links to certain third party web sites. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that Apple is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect of such Third Party Materials or web sites. Apple, its oﬃcers, aﬃliates and subsidiaries do not warrant or endorse and do not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person for any third-party Services, Third Party Materials or web sites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third parties. Third Party Materials and links to other web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you.G. Neither Apple nor any of its content providers guarantees the availability, accuracy, completeness, reliability, or timeliness of stock information, location data, health information or any other data displayed by any Services. Financial information displayed by any Services is for general informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as investment advice. Before executing any securities transaction based upon information obtained through the Services, you should consult with a ﬁnancial or securities professional who is legally qualiﬁed to give ﬁnancial or securities advice in your country or region. Location data provided by any Services, including the Apple Maps service, is provided for basic navigational and/or planning purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon in situations where precise location information is needed or where erroneous, inaccurate, time-delayed or incomplete location data may lead to death, personal injury, or property or environmental damage. You agree that the results you receive from the Maps service may vary from actual road or terrain conditions due to factors that can aﬀect the accuracy of the Maps data, such as, but not limited to, weather, road and traﬃc conditions, and geopolitical events. For your safety, always pay attention to posted road signs and current road conditions. Follow safe driving practices and traﬃc regulations, and note that cycling and walking directions may not include designated pathways.H. To the extent that you upload any content through the use of the Services, you represent that you own all rights in, or have authorization or are otherwise legally permitted to upload, such content and that such content does not violate any terms of service applicable to the Services. You agree that the Services contain proprietary content, information and material that is owned by Apple, the site owner or their licensors, and is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws, including but not limited to copyright. You agree that you will not use such proprietary content, information or materials other than for permitted use of the Services or in any manner that is inconsistent with the terms of this License or that infringes any intellectual property rights of a third party or Apple. No portion of the Services may be reproduced in any form or by any means. You agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the Services, in any manner, and you shall not exploit the Services in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including but not limited to, using the Services to transmit any computer viruses, worms, trojan horses or other malware, or by trespass or burdening network capacity. You further agree not to use the Services in any manner to harass, abuse, stalk, threaten, defame or otherwise infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and that Apple is not in any way responsible for any such use by you, nor for any harassing, threatening, defamatory, oﬀensive, infringing or illegal messages or transmissions that you may receive as a result of using any of the Services.I. In addition, such Services and Third Party Materials may not be available in all languages or in all countries or regions. Apple makes no representation that such Services and Third Party Materials are appropriate or available for use in any particular location. To the extent you choose to use or access such Services or Third Party Materials, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws, including but not limited to applicable local laws and privacy and data collection laws. Apple and its licensors reserve the right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to any Services at any time without notice. In no event will Apple be liable for the removal of or disabling of access to any such Services. Apple may also impose limits on the use of or access to certain Services, in any case and without notice or liability.7. Termination. This License is eﬀective until terminated. Your rights under this License will terminate automatically or otherwise cease to be eﬀective without notice from Apple if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this License. Upon the termination of this License, you shall cease all use of the Apple Software and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Apple Software. Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13 and 14 of this License shall survive any such termination.8. Disclaimer of Warranties.A. If you are a customer who is a consumer (someone who uses the Apple Software outside of your trade, business or profession), you may have legal rights in your country of residence which would prohibit the following limitations from applying to you, and where prohibited they will not apply to you. To ﬁnd out more about rights, you should contact a local consumer advice organization.B. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, USE OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE AND ANY SERVICES PERFORMED BY OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE APPLE SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY , PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU.C. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE APPLE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”, WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND APPLE AND APPLE’S LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS “APPLE” FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTIONS 8 AND 9) HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY , INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY , SATISFACTORY QUALITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY , QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.D. APPLE DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN, OR SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY , THE APPLE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT ANY SERVICES WILL CONTINUE TO BE MADE AVAILABLE, THAT DEFECTS IN THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES WILL BE COMPATIBLE OR WORK WITH ANY THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, APPLICATIONS OR THIRD PARTY SERVICES. INSTALLATION OF THIS APPLE SOFTWARE MAY AFFECT THE AVAILABILITY AND USABILITY OF THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, APPLICATIONS OR THIRD PARTY SERVICES, AS WELL AS APPLE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.E. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE APPLE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES ARE NOT INTENDED OR SUITABLE FOR USE IN SITUATIONS OR ENVIRONMENTS WHERE THE FAILURE OR TIME DELAYS OF , OR ERRORS OR INACCURACIES IN THE CONTENT, DATA OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES COULD LEAD TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY , OR SEVERE PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE OPERATION OF NUCLEAR FACILITIES, AIRCRAFT NAVIGATION OR COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, LIFE SUPPORT OR WEAPONS SYSTEMS.F . NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY APPLE OR AN APPLE AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY . SHOULD THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.9. Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR PRINCIPALS BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY , OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, CORRUPTION OR LOSS OF DATA, FAILURE TO TRANSMIT OR RECEIVE ANY DATA OR INFORMATION (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION COURSE INSTRUCTIONS, ASSIGNMENTS AND MATERIALS), BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES OR ANY THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, APPLICATIONS OR SERVICES IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF APPLE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY , OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. In no event shall Apple’s total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the amount of two hundred and ﬁfty dollars (U.S.$250.00).  The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.10. Digital Certiﬁcates. The Apple Software contains functionality that allows it to accept digital certiﬁcates either issued from Apple or from third parties. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR DECIDING WHETHER OR NOT TO RELY ON A CERTIFICATE WHETHER ISSUED BY APPLE OR A THIRD PARTY . YOUR USE OF DIGITAL CERTIFICATES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, APPLE MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY , SECURITY , OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO DIGITAL CERTIFICATES.  You agree that (a) you will not falsify or misuse any certiﬁcate; (b) you will use digital certiﬁcates for legal purposes only and in accordance with any applicable Certiﬁcate Policy, Certiﬁcate Practice Statement or other Certiﬁcate Authority business practice disclosures; (c) you are solely responsible for preventing any unauthorized user from making use of your digital certiﬁcates; (d) you are solely responsible for preventing any unauthorized user from making use of the private key associated with your digital certiﬁcate; and (e) you will revoke any of your certiﬁcates that you have reason to believe have been compromised. Apple’s Certiﬁcate Policy and Certiﬁcate Practice Statements may be found at: https://www.apple.com/certiﬁcateauthority.11. Export Control. You may not use or otherwise export or reexport the Apple Software except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which the Apple Software was obtained. In particular, but without limitation, the Apple Software may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person’s List or Entity List or any other restricted party lists. By using the Apple Software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list. You also agree that you will not use the Apple Software for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons.12. Government End Users. The Apple Software and related documentation are “Commercial Items”, as that term is deﬁned at 48 C.F .R. §2.101, consisting of “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation”, as such terms are used in 48 C.F .R. §12.212 or 48 C.F .R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F .R. §12.212 or 48 C.F .R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.  Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.13. Controlling Law and Severability. This License will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, excluding its conﬂict of law principles. This License shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded. If you are a consumer based in the United Kingdom, this License will be governed by the laws of the jurisdiction of your residence. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction ﬁnds any provision, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, the remainder of this License shall continue in full force and eﬀect.14. Complete Agreement; Governing Language. This License constitutes the entire agreement between you and Apple relating to the Apple Software and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter.  No amendment to or modiﬁcation of this License will be binding unless in writing and signed by Apple. Any translation of this License is done for local requirements and in the event of a dispute between the English and any non-English versions, the English version of this License shall govern, to the extent not prohibited by local law in your jurisdiction.15. Third Party Acknowledgements.A. Portions of the Apple Software may utilize or include third party software and other copyrighted material. Acknowledgements, licensing terms and disclaimers for such material are contained in the electronic documentation for the Apple Software, and your use of such material is governed by their respective terms. Use of the Google Safe Browsing Service is subject to the Google Terms of Service (https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/) and to Google’s Privacy Policy (https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/).B. Certain software libraries and other third party software included with the Apple Software are free software and licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL) or the GNU Library/Lesser General Public License (LGPL), as the case may be. You may obtain a complete machine-readable copy of the source code for such free software under the terms of the GPL or LGPL, as the case may be, without charge except for the cost of media, shipping, and handling, upon written request to Apple at opensource@apple.com. The GPL/LGPL software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY , without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  A copy of the GPL and LGPL is included with the Apple Software.C. Use of MPEG-4. This product is licensed under the MPEG-4 Systems Patent Portfolio License for encoding in compliance with the MPEG-4 Systems Standard, except that an additional license and payment of royalties are necessary for encoding in connection with (i) data stored or replicated in physical media which is paid for on a title by title basis and/or (ii) data which is paid for on a title by title basis and is transmitted to an end user for permanent storage and/or use. Such additional license may be obtained from MPEG LA, LLC. See https://www.mpegla.com for additional details.This product is licensed under the MPEG-4 Visual Patent Portfolio License for the personal and non-commercial use of a consumer for (i) encoding video in compliance with the MPEG-4 Visual Standard (“MPEG-4 Video”) and/or (ii) decoding MPEG-4 video that was encoded by a consumer engaged in a personal and non-commercial activity and/or was obtained from a video provider licensed by MPEG LA to provide MPEG-4 video. No license is granted or shall be implied for any other use. Additional information including that relating to promotional, internal and commercial uses and licensing may be obtained from MPEG LA, LLC. See https://www.mpegla.com.D. H.264/AVC Notice.  To the extent that the Apple Software contains AVC encoding and/or decoding functionality, commercial use of H.264/AVC requires additional licensing and the following provision applies: THE AVC FUNCTIONALITY IN THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED HEREIN ONLY FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER TO (i) ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE AVC STANDARD (“AVC VIDEO”) AND/OR (ii) DECODE AVC VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR AVC VIDEO THAT WAS OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE AVC VIDEO. INFORMATION REGARDING OTHER USES AND LICENSES MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA L.L.C. SEE HTTPS://WWW.MPEGLA.COM.E. AMR Notice. The Adaptive Multi-Rate (“AMR”) encoding and decoding functionality in this product is not licensed to perform cellular voice calls, or for use in any telephony products built on the QuickTime architecture for the Windows platform. The AMR encoding and decoding functionality in this product is also not licensed for use in a cellular communications infrastructure including:  base stations, base station controllers/radio network controllers, switching centers, and gateways to and from the public switched network.F . FAA Notice. Aircraft Situation Display and National Airspace System Status Information data (collectively “Flight Data”) displayed through the Apple Software is generated by the Federal Aviation Administration. You agree not to redistribute Flight Data without the prior written consent of the FAA. The FAA and Apple disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied (including the implied warranties of merchantability and ﬁtness for a particular purpose), regarding the use and accuracy of the Flight Data. You agree that the FAA and Apple shall not be liable, either collectively or individually, for any loss, damage, claim, liability, expense, or penalty, or for any indirect, special, secondary, incidental, or consequential damages deriving from the use of the Flight Data. The Apple Software is not sponsored or endorsed by the FAA. The FAA is not responsible for technical or system problems, and you should not contact the FAA regarding such problems or regarding operational traﬃc ﬂow issues.G. Use of Adobe Color Proﬁles. You may use the Adobe Color Proﬁle software included with the Apple Software pursuant to this License, but Adobe is under no obligation to provide any support for the Color Proﬁles hereunder, including upgrades or future versions of the Proﬁles or other items. In addition to the provisions of Sections 8 and 9 above, IN NO EVENT WILL ADOBE BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR COSTS WHATSOEVER.  The Adobe Color Proﬁle software distributed with the Apple Software is also available for download from Adobe at https://www.adobe.com.H. Gracenote® End User License Agreement. This application or device contains software from Gracenote, Inc. of Emeryville, California (“Gracenote”).  The software from Gracenote (the “Gracenote Software”) enables this application to perform disc and/or ﬁle identiﬁcation and obtain music-related information, including name, artist, track, and title information (“Gracenote Data”) from online servers or embedded databases (collectively, “Gracenote Servers”) and to perform other functions. You may use Gracenote Data only by means of the intended End-User functions of this application or device. You agree that you will use Gracenote Data, the Gracenote Software, and Gracenote Servers for your own personal non-commercial use only.  You agree not to assign, copy, transfer or transmit the Gracenote Software or any Gracenote Data to any third party. YOU AGREE NOT TO USE OR EXPLOIT GRACENOTE DATA, THE GRACENOTE SOFTWARE, OR GRACENOTE SERVERS, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED HEREIN. You agree that your non-exclusive license to use the Gracenote Data, the Gracenote Software, and Gracenote Servers will terminate if you violate these restrictions.  If your license terminates, you agree to cease any and all use of the Gracenote Data, the Gracenote Software, and Gracenote Servers. Gracenote reserves all rights in Gracenote Data, the Gracenote Software, and the Gracenote Servers, including all ownership rights.  Under no circumstances will Gracenote become liable for any payment to you for any information that you provide.  You agree that Gracenote, Inc. may enforce its rights under this Agreement against you directly in its own name. The Gracenote service uses a unique identiﬁer to track queries for statistical purposes.  The purpose of a randomly assigned numeric identiﬁer is to allow the Gracenote service to count queries without knowing anything about who you are.  For more information, see the web page for the Gracenote Privacy Policy for the Gracenote service. The Gracenote Software and each item of Gracenote Data are licensed to you “AS IS.” Gracenote makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the accuracy of any Gracenote Data from in the Gracenote Servers.  Gracenote reserves the right to delete data from the Gracenote Servers or to change data categories for any cause that Gracenote deems suﬃcient.  No warranty is made that the Gracenote Software or Gracenote Servers are error-free or that functioning of Gracenote Software or Gracenote Servers will be uninterrupted. Gracenote is not obligated to provide you with new enhanced or additional data types or categories that Gracenote may provide in the future and is free to discontinue its services at any time. GRACENOTE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  GRACENOTE DOES NOT WARRANT THE RESULTS THAT WILL BE OBTAINED BY YOUR USE OF THE GRACENOTE SOFTWARE OR ANY GRACENOTE SERVER. IN NO CASE WILL GRACENOTE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OR FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST REVENUES. 16. Yahoo Search Service Restrictions. The Yahoo Search Service available through Safari is licensed for use only in the following countries and regions: Argentina, Aruba, Australia, Austria, Barbados, Belgium, Bermuda, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, Cayman Islands, Chile, China mainland, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Colombia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Grenada, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Norway, Panama, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Romania, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Korea, Spain, St. Lucia, St. Vincent, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, The Bahamas, Trinidad and Tobago, Turkey, UK, Uruguay, US and Venezuela.EA18057/8/2022————————————Apple Pay Supplemental Terms and ConditionsThese Apple Pay Supplemental Terms and Conditions (the “Supplemental Terms”) supplement the Software License Agreement for macOS (the “License”); both the terms of the License and these Supplemental Terms govern your use of the Apple Pay feature, which shall be deemed a “Service” under the License.  Capitalized terms used in these Supplemental Terms have the meanings set forth in the License.1.     Overview and Use RestrictionsApple Pay allows you to store virtual representations of credit, debit and prepaid cards, including Apple Card, that are supported by the Apple Pay feature (“Supported Cards”), use supported Macs to initiate or make payments within websites, and track online orders and view receipts.  The Apple Pay features of the Apple Software may only be available in select regions, with select card issuers, payment networks, and merchants. Features may vary by region, issuer, and merchant.  Supported Cards may change from time to time.Apple Pay is intended for your personal use and you may only provision your own Supported Cards.  If you are provisioning a supported corporate card, you represent that you are doing so with the authorization of your employer and you are authorized to bind your employer to these terms of use and all transactions eﬀected by use of this feature.You agree not to use Apple Pay for illegal or fraudulent purposes, or any other purposes that are prohibited by the License and these Supplemental Terms.  You further agree to use Apple Pay in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  You agree not to interfere with or disrupt the Apple Pay service (including accessing the service through any automated means), or any servers or networks connected to the service, or any policies, requirements or regulations of networks connected to the service (including any unauthorized access to, use or monitoring of data or traﬃc thereon).2.     Use on MacsYou can use Apple Pay on supported Macs to initiate payments on websites accessed through Safari.  This feature requires you to have a Supported Card that has been provisioned to a supported iOS device or Apple Watch (“Supported Devices”).  When you check out from a website using Apple Pay, you will be required to authorize the transaction using a Supported Device.In addition to the terms set forth in these Supplemental Terms, your use of Apple Pay to initiate payments on websites access through Safari is subject to the Apple Pay Supplemental Terms and Conditions applicable to your Supported Devices, the terms of which are hereby incorporated by reference and which can be accessed by going to:  Settings > General > About > Legal > License from your iOS device, or About > Legal > License from the Watch app on a paired iOS device.  Supported Devices may change from time to time.On a MacBook Pro with built-in Touch ID, you can set up Apple Pay by provisioning Supported Cards and using Apple Pay to make payments on websites accessed through Safari.  In order to use Apple Pay on these Macs, you must have Supported Cards that are associated with an active iCloud account.  Apple Pay is available only to individuals aged 13 years or older, and may be subject to additional age-based restrictions imposed by iCloud or the relevant card issuer of your Supported Cards.3.     Apple’s Relationship With YouApple does not process payments, or have any other control over payments, returns, refunds, rewards, value, discounts, orders, order fulﬁlment, or other commerce activity that may arise out of your use of this feature.  The terms of cardholder agreements you may have in place with your card issuer will continue to govern your use of your Supported Cards and their use in connection with Apple Pay.  Similarly, your purchase of any goods or services using the Apple Pay feature will be subject to the merchant’s terms and conditions.  Apple Card is only available in the United States and is issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch (“Apple Card Issuer”). When you apply for Apple Card, you are applying to open an account with the Apple Card Issuer. Apple Card is only available to individuals aged 18 years or older (or older depending on your state of residence). The ﬁnancial institution responsible for oﬀering Apple Card is subject to change, and your use of Apple Card is subject to their terms and conditions.Nothing in the License or these Supplemental Terms modiﬁes the terms of any cardholder or merchant agreement, or other terms and conditions applicable to the use of the features of Apple Pay, and such terms will govern your use of the applicable feature of Apple Pay and their virtual representation on your supported Mac.You agree that Apple is not a party to your cardholder or merchant agreements, nor is Apple responsible for the (a) content, accuracy or unavailability of any payment cards, commerce activities, transactions, purchases, orders, order fulﬁlment, or receipts while using Apple Pay functionality; (b) issuance of credit or assessing eligibility for credit; (c) activities of issuers, merchants, or other third parties related to your use of Apple Pay or Wallet; (d) provisioning decisions made by an issuer, merchant, or other third party in connection with a Supported Card; (e) accrual or redemption of rewards or stored value under a merchant’s program; or (f) funding or reloading of prepaid cards.  For all disputes or questions about payment cards or associated commerce activity, please contact your issuer or the applicable merchant.4.     PrivacyWhen using Apple Pay to initiate a payment transaction to be completed on a Supported Device, Apple Pay will transfer payment information in an encrypted format between your Mac and your Supported Device to complete your transaction. When using Apple Pay to make a payment transaction on a MacBook Pro with built-in Touch ID, your payment information will be provided in encrypted format to the website as part of that transaction. When adding a card to Apple Pay on a MacBook Pro with built-in Touch ID, information about your device, such as whether certain device settings are enabled and device use patterns (e.g. percent time device is in motion, approximate number of calls per week), will be sent to Apple to determine your eligibility and to prevent fraud. You can ﬁnd detailed information on the personal information collected, used or shared as part of your use of Apple Pay by reading the relevant service speciﬁc privacy notices, including About Apple Pay and Privacy, which can be accessed on your iOS device or Mac, or within the Watch app on a paired iOS device, or by visiting https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy.  By using Apple Pay, you agree and consent to Apple’s and its subsidiaries’ and agents’ transmission, collection, maintenance, processing, and use of all of the foregoing information, to provide Apple Pay functionality.5.     SecurityApple Pay stores virtual representations of your Supported Cards, and you understand and acknowledge that providing your device passcode or password to a third party, or allowing a third party to add their ﬁngerprint to use Touch ID on your Supported Device or Mac, may result in their ability to make Apple Pay payments within websites on your Mac.   You are solely responsible for maintaining the security of your devices and the applicable passcodes and passwords.  You agree that Apple does not have any responsibility if you lose or share access to your device, or if you make unauthorized modiﬁcations to macOS.If your device is lost or stolen and you have Find My iPhone or Find My Mac enabled, you can use Find iPhone or https://icloud.com to attempt to suspend the ability to pay with the virtual Supported Cards on the device by putting it into Lost Mode. You can also erase your device, which will attempt to suspend the ability to pay with the virtual Supported Cards on the device. You should also contact the card issuer of your Supported Cards in order to prevent unauthorized access to your virtual Supported Cards.If you report or Apple suspects fraudulent or abusive activity, you agree to cooperate with Apple in any investigation and to use any fraud prevention measures we prescribe.6.     Limitation of LiabilityIN ADDITION TO THE DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THE LICENSE, APPLE DOES NOT ASSUME ANY LIABILITY FOR PURCHASES, PAYMENTS, TRANSACTIONS, ORDERS, ORDER FULFILMENT, RECEIPT INFORMATION, OR OTHER COMMERCE ACTIVITY MADE USING THE APPLE PAY FEATURE, AND YOU AGREE TO LOOK SOLELY TO AGREEMENTS YOU MAY HAVE WITH YOUR CARD ISSUER, PAYMENT NETWORK, OR MERCHANT TO RESOLVE ANY QUESTIONS OR DISPUTES RELATING TO YOUR SUPPORTED CARDS, VIRTUAL SUPPORTED CARDS AND ASSOCIATED COMMERCE ACTIVITY .FRANÇAISAPPLE INC.CONTRAT DE LICENCE DE LOGICIEL POUR macOS VenturaPour utilisation sur des systèmes de marque AppleVEUILLEZ LIRE ATTENTIVEMENT CE CONTRAT DE LICENCE DE LOGICIEL (« LICENCE ») AVANT D’UTILISER LE LOGICIEL APPLE. EN UTILISANT CE LOGICIEL, VOUS ACCEPTEZ LES CONDITIONS DE LA PRÉSENTE LICENCE. SI VOUS ÊTES EN DÉSACCORD AVEC CES CONDITIONS, N’INSTALLEZ PAS ET N’UTILISEZ PAS CE LOGICIEL. SI LES OPTIONS « ACCEPTER » OU « REFUSER » LES CONDITIONS S’AFFICHENT, CLIQUEZ SUR « REFUSER ». SI CE LOGICIEL APPLE ÉTAIT FOURNI AVEC UN MATÉRIEL APPLE QUE VOUS AVEZ ACQUIS ET QUE VOUS ÊTES EN DÉSACCORD AVEC LES CONDITIONS DE LA PRÉSENTE LICENCE, VEUILLEZ RESTITUER LE MATÉRIEL ET LE LOGICIEL APPLE EN QUESTION, DURANT LA PÉRIODE IMPARTIE, À L’APPLE STORE OU AU DISTRIBUTEUR AGRÉÉ OÙ VOUS L’AVEZ ACQUIS, POUR EN OBTENIR LE REMBOURSEMENT, CONFORMÉMENT À LA POLITIQUE APPLE DE GESTION DES RETOURS DISPONIBLE À L’ADRESSE https://www.apple.com/legal/sales-support/. POUR POUVOIR BÉNÉFICIER D’UN REMBOURSEMENT, IL VOUS FAUT RESTITUER L’ENSEMBLE DU MATÉRIEL ET DE SON LOGICIEL, EMBALLAGE COMPRIS.REMARQUE IMPORTANTE : dans la mesure où ce logiciel peut être utilisé pour reproduire, modiﬁer, publier ou distribuer des données, la licence vous est exclusivement accordée pour la reproduction, la modiﬁcation, la publication et la distribution de données non protégées par des droits d’auteur, de données dont vous possédez les droits d’auteur ou de données que vous êtes légalement autorisé à reproduire, modiﬁer, publier ou distribuer. En cas d’incertitude quant à votre droit de copier, de modiﬁer, de publier ou de distribuer des données, il est préférable de vous informer auprès de votre spécialiste juridique.1. Généralités.A. Apple Inc. (« Apple ») vous concède une licence, et en aucun cas ne vous cède des droits, sur le logiciel (y compris le code ROM de démarrage), tout logiciel de tierce partie, la documentation, les interfaces, le contenu, les polices de caractères et toutes les données accompagnant cette Licence (« Logiciel original Apple »), pouvant être mis à jour ou remplacés par des améliorations de fonctionnalités, des mises à jour de logiciels, des correctifs de sécurité, des ﬁchiers système ou un logiciel de restauration du système fournis par Apple pour votre ordinateur Apple ou un périphérique pris en charge (« Modiﬁcations du Logiciel Apple »), qu’ils soient préinstallés sur du matériel Apple, sur stockage interne, sur support amovible, sur disque, en mémoire morte (ROM), sur tout autre support et sous toute autre forme (le Logiciel original Apple et les Modiﬁcations du Logiciel Apple sont désignés dans leur ensemble sous le terme « Logiciel Apple »), uniquement en vue d’une utilisation conforme aux conditions de la Licence. Apple et/ou ses concédants de licence se réservent la totalité des droits qui ne vous sont pas expressément conférés. Vous acceptez que les conditions de la présente Licence s’appliquent à tout produit logiciel ou application de marque Apple pouvant être préinstallé sur votre matériel de marque Apple, sauf si un tel produit est accompagné d’une licence séparée, auquel cas vous acceptez que cette dernière régisse votre utilisation du produit en question.B. Apple pourrait rendre disponibles des Modiﬁcations futures du Logiciel Apple. Les Modiﬁcations du Logiciel Apple, le cas échéant, peuvent ne pas inclure l’intégralité des fonctionnalités existantes ou des nouvelles fonctionnalités qu’Apple commercialise pour les nouveaux modèles ou d’autres modèles d’ordinateurs de marque Apple. Les conditions de la présente Licence régissent les Modiﬁcations du Logiciel Apple fournies par Apple, sauf si ces modiﬁcations sont accompagnées d’une licence distincte, auquel cas les conditions de cette licence s’appliquent.C. Le titre et les droits de propriété intellectuelle associés aux contenus aﬃchés dans le Logiciel Apple ou rendus accessibles via ce dernier sont la propriété de leur propriétaire. Ces contenus sont susceptibles d’être protégés par des droits d’auteur ou autres traités sur la propriété intellectuelle et peuvent être soumis à des conditions d’utilisation énoncées par la tierce partie les fournissant. Hormis mention contraire dans le présent document, la présente Licence ne vous confère aucun droit d’utilisation pour ces contenus ni n’en garantit la disponibilité. Il vous est interdit de republier, retransmettre ou reproduire sous forme de ﬁchier autonome toute image à laquelle vous avez accédé à travers les applications News ou Plans.2. Utilisations permises de la licence et restrictions.A. Licence de Logiciel Apple préinstallé ou copie unique. Sous réserve des conditions générales de cette Licence, et à moins que vous ayez acquis le Logiciel Apple dans le Mac App Store, par le biais d’un téléchargement automatique ou dans le cadre d’une licence ou maintenance de volume ou tout autre accord écrit passé avec Apple, une licence de non-exclusivité limitée vous est accordée pour installer, utiliser et exécuter un (1) seul exemplaire du Logiciel Apple sur un seul ordinateur Apple à la fois. Par exemple, les conditions de la présente Licence à copie unique s’appliquent à vous si vous avez acquis le Logiciel Apple préinstallé sur un matériel de marque Apple.B. Licence du Mac App Store. Si vous avez obtenu une licence pour le Logiciel Apple dans le Mac App Store ou par le biais d’un téléchargement automatique sujet aux conditions de la présente Licence et conformément aux règles d’utilisation des Service et contenu, déﬁnies dans les conditions générales des Services Apple Media (https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/) (« Règles d’utilisation »), une licence limitée, non transmissible et non exclusive vous est accordée pour :(i) télécharger, installer, utiliser et exécuter, à des ﬁns personnelles et non commerciales, une (1) copie du Logiciel Apple sur chaque ordinateur Apple exécutant macOS Monterey, macOS Big Sur, macOS Catalina, macOS Mojave, macOS High Sierra ou macOS Sierra (« Ordinateur Mac ») que vous possédez ou contrôlez ;(ii) si vous appartenez à une société commerciale ou une institution du secteur de l’éducation, pour télécharger, installer, utiliser et exécuter une (1) copie du Logiciel Apple en vue d’une utilisation : (a) par un seul individu sur chaque Ordinateur Mac que vous possédez ou contrôlez, ou (b) par plusieurs individus partageant un seul Ordinateur Mac que vous possédez ou contrôlez. Par exemple, un membre du personnel peut utiliser le Logiciel Apple aussi bien sur son Ordinateur Mac de bureau que sur son Ordinateur Mac portable ou plusieurs élèves peuvent utiliser le Logiciel Apple installé sur un Ordinateur Mac situé dans un centre de ressources ou une bibliothèque ; (iii) installer, utiliser et exécuter jusqu’à deux (2) copies ou instances supplémentaires du Logiciel Apple, ou tout logiciel système d’exploitation macOS ou OS X antérieur ou toute version ultérieure du Logiciel Apple, sur des systèmes d’exploitation virtuels sur chaque ordinateur de marque Apple que vous possédez ou contrôlez qui exécute déjà le Logiciel Apple à des ﬁns : (a) de développement logiciel, (b) d’essais de développement logiciel, (c) d’utilisation de macOS Server ou (d) d’utilisation personnelle et non commerciale.Sauf exception expressément autorisée dans la Section 3, l’autorisation accordée par la section 2B(iii) susmentionnée ne vous permet pas d’utiliser les copies virtuelles du Logiciel Apple avec des services de bureau, de travail en temps partagé, de partage de terminal ou d’autres types de service similaires. Sauf exception expressément autorisée dans cette Section 2B, vous ne pouvez pas utiliser le Logiciel Apple pour exécuter tout logiciel de système d’exploitation Apple, y compris iOS, iPadOS, watchOS ou tvOS, dans des environnements de système d’exploitation virtuels sur un ou plusieurs Ordinateurs Mac.C. Licence de volume ou de maintenance. Si vous avez obtenu le Logiciel Apple dans le cadre d’un programme de licence de volume ou de maintenance d’Apple, les conditions de celle-ci déterminent le nombre de copies du Logiciel Apple que vous pouvez télécharger, installer, utiliser et exécuter sur les ordinateurs Apple que vous possédez ou contrôlez. À l’exception d’autres accords passés par écrit avec Apple, toutes les conditions de la présente Licence s’appliquent à votre utilisation du Logiciel Apple obtenu sous licence de volume ou de maintenance.D. Conﬁguration requise ; identiﬁant Apple. Notez que le Logiciel Apple est pris en charge uniquement par le matériel de marque Apple possédant la conﬁguration requise spéciﬁée comme indiqué par Apple. En outre, l’utilisation et l’accès à certaines fonctionnalités du Logiciel Apple et certains Services (comme déﬁnis dans la Section 6) peuvent nécessiter l’obtention d’une combinaison unique d’un nom d’utilisateur et d’un mot de passe, connue sous le nom d’identiﬁant Apple.E. Polices. Vous pouvez, sous réserve des conditions de la présente Licence, utiliser les polices incluses avec le Logiciel Apple aﬁn d’aﬃcher et d’imprimer du contenu lors de l’exécution dudit logiciel ; cependant, l’intégration d’une police à un contenu est régie par les conditions d’utilisation de la police concernée. Ces limitations sont disponibles dans le panneau Livre des polices/Aperçu/Aﬃcher la police.F . Voix ; Sous-titres en direct. Sous réserve des conditions générales de cette Licence, vous pouvez : (i) utiliser les voix système intégrées au Logiciel Apple (« Voix système ») (1) au cours de l’exécution du Logiciel Apple et (2) créer vos compositions et projets personnels à des ﬁns privées non lucratives ; et (ii) utiliser les sous-titres en direct générés automatiquement sur l’appareil en temps réel par le Logiciel Apple (« Sous-titres en direct »), qu’ils soient générés lors d’un appel FaceTime ou autrement, uniquement à des ﬁns privées non lucratives. Toute autre utilisation des Voix système ou des Sous-titres en direct est interdite par la Licence, y compris, mais sans limitation, l’utilisation, la reproduction, l’aﬃchage, la présentation, l’enregistrement, la publication ou la redistribution de ces Voix système ou Sous-titres en direct dans un but lucratif, non lucratif, commercial ou de partage public de données.G. Fonctionnalités et prise en charge de l’app Photos. Il se peut que l’application Photos du Logiciel Apple (« App Photos ») ne prenne pas en charge certains formats vidéo et photo. L’utilisation de certaines fonctionnalités de l’app Photos dépend des fonctionnalités de votre appareil photo. La synchronisation des photos avec l’app Photos et tout autre service d’Apple ou de tierce partie peut entraîner une perte de données. Les images, la musique et les thèmes de diaporama proposés dans l’app Photos sont destinés à une utilisation personnelle et non commerciale dans des diaporamas créés à l’aide de l’app Photos. Vous ne pouvez pas utiliser, extraire ou distribuer séparément, à des ﬁns commerciales ou autres, de photos, d’images, de graphiques, d’illustrations, de contenus audio, vidéo ou de contenus similaires (« Contenus numériques ») compris dans ou fournis avec l’app Photos, ni utiliser de toute autre manière les contenus numériques à des ﬁns diﬀérentes de celles prévues pour l’utilisation avec l’app Photos.H. Fonctionnalités de mise en cache de contenu.1. Dans la mesure ou Apple et/ou ses ﬁliales proposent un logiciel et/ou du contenu particulier pouvant être mis en cache (par exemple, du contenu applicable du Mac App Store) (« Contenu Apple éligible »), certaines fonctionnalités du Logiciel Apple (« Fonctionnalités de mise en cache de contenu ») peuvent télécharger automatiquement et mettre en cache localement ledit contenu sur votre ordinateur de marque Apple exécutant le Logiciel Apple (dans l’optique de la présente Section, ledit ordinateur de marque Apple est dénommé « Mac avec mise en cache activée »). En utilisant les Fonctionnalités de mise en cache de contenu du Logiciel Apple, vous acceptez qu’Apple puisse télécharger et mettre en cache ledit contenu sur votre Mac avec mise en cache activée. Vous pouvez désactiver les Fonctionnalités de mise en cache de contenu du Logiciel Apple à tout moment dans la sous-fenêtre Partage des Préférences Système sur votre Mac avec mise en cache activée.2. Vous pouvez utiliser les Fonctionnalités de mise en cache de contenu du Logiciel Apple, mais uniquement sur un Mac avec mise en cache activée que vous possédez ou contrôlez et uniquement dans le but de transmettre ledit contenu à des utilisateurs autorisés de votre foyer, votre société ou votre organisation. Vous comprenez qu’il est possible que lesdits utilisateurs doivent s’authentiﬁer séparément auprès d’Apple avant de recevoir le Contenu Apple éligible et que la livraison de ce contenu via l’utilisation de votre Mac avec mise en cache activée ne modiﬁe pas les termes selon lesquels vous ou vos utilisateurs recevez du Contenu Apple éligible. 3. Vous reconnaissez et acceptez que toute utilisation de Contenu Apple éligible est sujette aux conditions générales applicables qui régissent le type de Contenu Apple éligible mis en cache. Ces conditions peuvent inclure, mais sans s’y limiter, les conditions générales des Services Apple Media, les conditions générales d’iCloud, le Contrat iTunes U Instructor, le Contrat de licence de logiciel iTunes U et les termes applicables du contrat de licence accompagnant le logiciel téléchargé, sauf si le téléchargement est accompagné d’un contrat de licence distinct, auquel cas celui-ci prévaut. Une liste des contrats de licence de logiciels Apple est disponible sur la page : https://www.apple.com/legal/sla/. Vous reconnaissez et acceptez que l’utilisation des Fonctionnalités de mise en cache de contenu et le stockage de Contenu Apple éligible sur votre Mac avec mise en cache activée ne vous transfère aucun droit supplémentaire que ceux qui vous sont accordés par les termes de la licence applicable pour le Contenu Apple éligible et que cela ne constitue pas la renonciation à, l’attribution ou la limitation d’aucun droit d’Apple ou de tout autre propriétaire de droits d’auteur d’aucun Contenu Apple éligible.4. Vous ne pouvez en aucun cas déployer votre Mac avec mise en cache activée avec les Fonctionnalités de mise en cache de contenu sur un réseau que vous ne possédez pas ou ne contrôlez pas (ou que vous ne pouvez pas légalement utiliser à de telles ﬁns) ou permettre l’accès à un tel Contenu Apple éligible à des utilisateurs se trouvant hors de votre maison, votre société ou votre organisation. Vous acceptez de n’utiliser les Fonctionnalités de mise en cache de contenu qu’à des ﬁns personnelles et non commerciales ou pour une utilisation interne au sein de votre société ou de votre organisation et seulement conformément aux présentes. Vous ne pouvez pas oﬀrir à des tiers un service incluant ou utilisant des informations ou des services fournis par les Fonctionnalités de mise en cache de contenu ou qui utilisent celles-ci d’une quelconque manière.5. En activant les Fonctionnalités de mise en cache de contenu du Logiciel Apple, vous acceptez qu’Apple puisse stocker, contrôler et sécuriser le Contenu Apple éligible sur votre Mac avec mise en cache activée ainsi que collecter et utiliser des informations techniques relatives à votre Mac avec mise en cache activée et aux réseaux qui y sont liés, y compris, mais sans s’y limiter, les identiﬁants matériels et les adresses IP , à de telles ﬁns. Vous acceptez de ne pas désactiver, interrompre, pirater, contourner ou interférer d’une quelconque manière avec les procédures de vériﬁcation, de stockage et d’authentiﬁcation d’Apple, les signatures numériques, la gestion des droits numériques ou d’autres mécanismes de sécurité implémentés dans ou par le Logiciel Apple, les services, le Contenu Apple éligible ou tout autre logiciel ou technologie Apple, et de ne pas permettre à d’autres de le faire. 6. Apple se réserve le droit de ne plus mettre à disposition de Contenu Apple éligible pour la mise en cache sur votre Mac avec mise en cache activée (par exemple, certains contenus que vous avez déjà mis en cache peuvent ne plus être disponibles pour une mise en cache ultérieure) et de supprimer tout Contenu Apple éligible de vos Mac avec mise en cache activée à tout moment et à sa seule discrétion, sans qu’Apple ne puisse être tenu pour responsable de quoi que ce soit envers vous dans une telle situation. Vous comprenez que la mise en cache de Contenu Apple éligible puisse ne pas être disponible dans tous les pays et toutes les régions. Vous pouvez supprimer le Contenu Apple éligible mis en cache et désactiver les Fonctionnalités de mise en cache de contenu à tout moment.I. Connexions au bureau à distance. Conformément aux termes de la présente Licence, lors d’une connexion à distance à un ordinateur Apple exécutant le Logiciel Apple (appelé « Mac principal » dans cette section) depuis un autre ordinateur ou un autre appareil électronique (« Appareil »), que cette connexion soit faite à l’aide de la fonctionnalité de partage de l’écran ou par tout autre moyen :(i) seul un (1) Appareil peut être connecté à distance à la fois, directement ou indirectement, pour contrôler la session du Logiciel Apple exécutée et aﬃchée sur le Mac principal ; et(ii) un nombre raisonnable d’Appareils peuvent se connecter simultanément pour observer la session du Logiciel Apple exécutée et aﬃchée sur le Mac principal, dans la mesure où ces appareils ne contrôlent d’aucune forme le Logiciel Apple ; mais(iii) seul un (1) Appareil Apple peut se connecter à distance à la fois, directement ou indirectement, pour contrôler une session du Logiciel Apple autre que celle exécutée et aﬃchée sur le Mac principal et une telle connexion peut uniquement se faire à l’aide de la fonctionnalité de partage de l’écran du Logiciel Apple.Excepté si la Section 2I ou la Section 3 de la présente Licence le permet expressément ou autrement autorisé par Apple, vous acceptez de ne pas utiliser le Logiciel Apple ou toute fonctionnalité de celui-ci avec des services de bureau, de travail en temps partagé, de partage de terminal ou d’autres types de services similaires, que lesdits services soient fournis au sein de votre organisation ou à des parties tierces.J. Autres restrictions d’utilisation. Les droits accordés par la présente Licence ne vous autorisent pas à installer, à utiliser ou à exécuter le Logiciel Apple sur un ordinateur qui ne soit pas de marque Apple. Vous vous engagez à ne pas enfreindre cette condition et à ne pas permettre à d’autres personnes de le faire. Vous acceptez de ne pas retirer, dissimuler ou altérer un quelconque avis de propriété (y compris les avis sur les marques et sur les droits d’auteur) susceptible d’être apposé sur ou contenu dans le Logiciel Apple. Sauf indications contraires dans les termes de la présente Licence ou d’autres licences d’Apple : (i) seul un utilisateur à la fois peut utiliser le Logiciel Apple et (ii) vous n’avez pas l’autorisation de rendre le Logiciel Apple disponible sur un réseau où il pourrait être exécuté ou utilisé simultanément par plusieurs ordinateurs. Sauf exception expressément autorisée dans la Section 3, vous ne pouvez pas vendre le Logiciel Apple, le louer, le louer en crédit-bail, le prêter, le redistribuer ni en concéder des licences.K. Copie de sauvegarde. Vous pouvez eﬀectuer une copie du Logiciel Apple (sans le code d’initialisation ROM et les autres programmes internes Apple incorporés ou contenus dans le matériel Apple) sous une forme électronique compréhensible par l’ordinateur à des ﬁns de sauvegarde uniquement ; ladite copie devant inclure tous les avis de droits d’auteur ou de propriété compris dans l’original. Le code d’initialisation ROM et les programmes internes sont fournis pour un usage exclusif sur matériel Apple et ne peuvent être copiés, modiﬁés ou redistribués en totalité ou en partie.L. Migration de logiciel. Si vous utilisez l’Assistant réglages/migration pour transférer le logiciel d’un ordinateur Apple vers un autre ordinateur Apple, sachez que l’utilisation continue de la copie d’origine du logiciel peut être interdite une fois qu’une copie a été transférée sur un autre ordinateur, à moins que vous ne disposiez déjà d’une copie sous licence dudit logiciel sur chaque ordinateur. Il est recommandé de consulter les contrats de licence de logiciel appropriés pour connaître les termes et conditions applicables. Certains logiciels et services de tierce partie peuvent ne pas être compatibles avec ce Logiciel Apple, et l’installation de ce Logiciel Apple peut avoir une incidence sur la disponibilité et l’utilisation de ces logiciels et services de tierce partie.M. Logiciels libres. Certains composants de ce Logiciel Apple et des logiciels libres de tierce partie qui l’accompagnent ont été ou peuvent être mis à disposition par Apple sur son site web de logiciels libres (https://www.opensource.apple.com/, sous l’intitulé collectif « Composants de logiciels libres »). Vous ne pouvez modiﬁer ou remplacer ces composants, qu’à condition : (i) que le Logiciel Apple modiﬁé résultant soit utilisé, au lieu du Logiciel Apple non modiﬁé, sur des ordinateurs Apple que vous possédez ou contrôlez, dans la mesure où une copie du Logiciel Apple concédée sous licence est installée sur chacun de ces ordinateurs et (ii) sous réserve des conditions de la présente Licence et de toutes conditions générales de Licence régissant l’utilisation des Composants de logiciels libres. Apple n’est nullement tenu d’assurer la mise à jour, l’entretien, la garantie, l’assistance technique ou autre, ni les services liés au Logiciel Apple modiﬁé résultant. Vous consentez expressément qu’en cas de panne ou de dégâts sur le matériel Apple, résultant de la modiﬁcation des Composants de logiciels libres du Logiciel Apple, ladite panne ou lesdits dégâts soient exclus des conditions de garantie du Logiciel Apple.N. Pas d’ingénierie inverse. Vous ne pouvez pas copier le Logiciel Apple, les services fournis par le Logiciel Apple ou toute partie de ces derniers (sauf et exclusivement dans les limites permises par la présente Licence ou les Règles d’utilisation qui pourraient vous concerner), ni à les décompiler, à procéder à leur ingénierie inverse, à les désassembler, à tenter d’en dériver le code source, à les déchiﬀrer, à les modiﬁer ou à créer des produits dérivés (sauf si de telles restrictions sont interdites par la législation en vigueur ou par les termes et conditions applicables à l’utilisation de composants libres de droits qui peuvent être fournis avec le Logiciel Apple).Vous vous engagez en outre à ne pas donner à autrui la possibilité d’eﬀectuer de telles opérations interdites.O. Respect des réglementations. Vous acceptez d’utiliser le Logiciel Apple et les Services (déﬁnis à la Section 6 ci-après) conformément aux lois en vigueur dans le pays ou la région où vous résidez, dans le pays ou la région où vous avez téléchargé ce logiciel et ces Services ou dans le pays ou la région où vous les utilisez. Il se peut que des fonctionnalités du Logiciel Apple et des Services ne soient pas disponibles dans toutes les langues ou toutes les régions. Certaines fonctionnalités peuvent varier selon les régions. Une connexion Internet est requise pour certaines fonctionnalités du Logiciel Apple et des Services.P . Logiciel de tierce partie. Apple fournit, au sein du paquet du Logiciel Apple, et peut fournir en tant que mise à niveau, mise à jour ou supplément du Logiciel Apple, l’accès à certains logiciels ou services de tierce partie à titre de commodité. Dans la mesure où le Logiciel Apple contient des logiciels ou des services de tierce partie ou fournit l’accès à de tels logiciels ou services, Apple n’a aucune obligation expresse ou implicite de fournir une quelconque assistance technique ou autre pour lesdits logiciels ou services. Veuillez vous adresser directement à la société éditrice de logiciels, la société de fabrication ou la société fournisseuse de services appropriée, aﬁn d’obtenir une assistance technique et un service après-vente adaptés à ces logiciels, services et/ou produits.Q. Modiﬁcations du Logiciel Apple. Le Logiciel Apple recherchera périodiquement des Modiﬁcations du Logiciel Apple auprès d’Apple. Si une modiﬁcation est disponible, elle peut être téléchargée et installée automatiquement sur votre ordinateur et, si nécessaire, sur vos périphériques. En utilisant le Logiciel Apple, vous autorisez Apple à télécharger et à installer automatiquement des Modiﬁcations du Logiciel Apple sur votre ordinateur et vos périphériques. Vous pouvez désactiver les mises à jour automatiques du système d’exploitation et les Correctifs de sécurité à tout moment en ajustant les réglages disponibles dans Préférences Système > Mise à jour de logiciels > Avancé.R. Caractères système. Sous réserve des conditions générales de la présente Licence, vous pouvez utiliser les caractères Memoji inclus dans le Logiciel Apple (les « Caractères système ») ou créés avec ce dernier : (i) pendant l’exécution du Logiciel Apple, et (ii) pour créer votre propre contenu original et vos projets à des ﬁns personnelles non commerciales. Aucun autre usage des Caractères système n’est autorisé par la présente Licence, y compris, sans aucune limitation, l’utilisation, la reproduction, l’aﬃchage, la représentation, l’enregistrement, la publication ou la redistribution d’un Caractère système quel qu’il soit dans un contexte lucratif, non lucratif, commercial ou de partage public.3. Location pour les Services de développement autorisés.A. Location. Vous pouvez louer ou sous-louer une version sous licence valide du Logiciel Apple dans son intégralité à une personne ou une organisation (considérée chacune comme « Locataire ») à condition que toutes les conditions ci-dessous soient respectées : (i) le Logiciel Apple loué doit être utilisé aux seules ﬁns de fournir des Services de développement autorisés et chaque Locataire doit examiner les conditions de cette Licence et les respecter ;(ii) la durée de chaque Location doit être d’au moins vingt-quatre (24) heures consécutives ; (iii) durant la période de location, le Locataire utilisateur ﬁnal doit utiliser et contrôler seul et de manière exclusive le Logiciel Apple et le matériel de marque Apple sur lequel il est installé, mais vous pouvez, en tant que partie mettant le Logiciel Apple en location (« Personne qui donne à bail »), fournir une assistance administrative pour le Logiciel Apple ; et (iv) avant d’utiliser le Logiciel Apple, le Locataire utilisateur ﬁnal est tenu d’examiner et de respecter les conditions applicables à tout logiciel préinstallé sur le Logiciel Apple, notamment au logiciel de développement Xcode d’Apple et à tout autre Logiciel Apple ou de tierce partie.Pour les besoins de cette Section 3 : (A) l’expression « Locataire utilisateur ﬁnal » désigne la personne ou organisation Locataire qui utilise en ﬁn de compte le Logiciel Apple loué exclusivement pour les Services de développement autorisés ; et (B) l’expression « Services de développement autorisés » désigne des services d’intégration continue incluant notamment le développement de logiciels, la compilation de logiciels à partir des sources, le testing automatisé durant la phase de développement de logiciels et l’exécution des outils de développement nécessaires pour soutenir de telles activités. Chaque Personne qui donne à bail est tenue de notiﬁer préalablement à Apple toute location ou sous-location du Logiciel Apple en vertu des dispositions de la présente Section 3 en s’adressant au service Apple des relations avec les développeurs « Apple Developer Relations » (https://developer.apple.com/contact/macos-license/).B. Sous-location. Les Locataires peuvent sous-louer le Logiciel Apple conformément aux dispositions de cette Section 3 à condition de respecter toutes les conditions stipulées dans ladite Section 3. Le Locataire qui sous-loue le Logiciel Apple (et qui sera également considéré comme Personne qui donne à bail dans la Section 3) est tenu de céder intégralement l’usage et le contrôle exclusifs du Logiciel Apple et du matériel de marque Apple sur lequel il est installé à son Locataire durant la période de location.C. Application. En tant que Personne donnant à bail, vous assumez les responsabilités suivantes : (i) veiller à ce que chaque Locataire respecte les obligations stipulées dans cette Section 3 ; (ii) s’assurer que chaque Locataire accepte toutes les conditions applicables de la licence ; et (iii) aider Apple à faire respecter lesdites obligations et conditions. Les Locataires qui violent les conditions de la présente Licence ou toute autre condition de licence applicable perdent automatiquement leur droit d’utilisation du Logiciel Apple et vous vous engagez à faire cesser immédiatement l’utilisation du Logiciel Apple par ces Locataires dès que vous constatez ladite violation ou dès qu’Apple vous notiﬁe par écrit ladite violation. D. Virtualisation. Pour chaque copie du Logiciel Apple faisant l’objet d’une location conformément aux dispositions de la présente Section 3, une Personne donnant à bail ou un Locataire (mais pas les deux) est autorisé à installer, utiliser et exécuter des copies ou des instances supplémentaires du Logiciel Apple dans des environnements de système d’exploitation virtuels conformément à la Section 2B(iii), à condition que la Personne donnant à bail ne puisse virtualiser qu’une seule instance ou copie du Logiciel Apple comme outil dans le but de fournir à un Locataire l’accès au Logiciel Apple et la possibilité d’utiliser ce dernier en vertu de la présente Section 3. E. Conﬁguration du système. Si vous êtes un Locataire, vous acceptez que le Logiciel Apple puisse avoir été conﬁguré précédemment par la Personne donnant à bail qui vous fournit le Logiciel Apple en location (cette conﬁguration comprend la sélection de réglages à des ﬁns d’analyse, les services de localisation et d’autres fonctions liées à la sécurité, à la conﬁdentialité et à la collecte de données). Vous reconnaissez et vous acceptez qu’Apple n’est pas responsable de la conﬁguration du Logiciel Apple par la Personne donnant à bail.4. Transfert.A. Vous pouvez toutefois, si le Logiciel Apple vous a été fourni préinstallé sur un matériel de marque Apple ou si vous avez obtenu votre Licence pour le Logiciel Apple à travers le Mac App Store ou une mise à jour logicielle, eﬀectuer le transfert unique et permanent de tous vos droits sur le Logiciel Apple (dans sa forme originale fournie par Apple) à une autre partie, à condition : (i) que ce transfert comprenne le Logiciel Apple et votre matériel Apple réunis ; (ii) que le transfert porte sur l’intégralité du Logiciel Apple, y compris la totalité de ses composants, ainsi que la Licence ; (iii) que vous ne conserviez aucune copie du Logiciel Apple, complète ou partielle, y compris toute copie stockée sur ordinateur ou toute autre unité de stockage ; et (iv) que la partie bénéﬁciaire ait lu et accepté les termes et conditions de la présente Licence. Aux ﬁns de la présente Licence, si Apple propose une mise à jour (telle que version 10.14 vers 10.14.1) du Logiciel Apple, la mise à jour est considérée partie intégrante du Logiciel Apple et ne peut être transférée séparément de la version du Logiciel Apple antérieure à la mise à jour.B. Vous ne pouvez pas transférer de Logiciel Apple ayant été modiﬁé ou remplacé sous les termes de la Section 2M de la présente Licence. Tous les composants du Logiciel Apple sont fournis conjointement et ne peuvent être isolés pour être distribués comme application autonome. Notez que le Logiciel Apple fourni avec un matériel Apple particulier peut ne pas fonctionner sur un autre matériel Apple.C. Les copies du Logiciel Apple fournies dans le cadre d’une promotion, en vue d’une évaluation ou à des ﬁns de diagnostic ou de restauration peuvent être utilisées uniquement aux ﬁns prévues et ne peuvent être ni vendues, ni transmises.5. Accord relatif à l’utilisation des données. Lorsque vous utilisez les diverses fonctionnalités de communication du Logiciel Apple, tels que iMessage et FaceTime, avec votre ordinateur, les informations relatives à l’identiﬁant Apple que vous fournissez, votre ou vos adresses e-mail, certains identiﬁants uniques pour votre ordinateur et votre numéro de téléphone iPhone sont transmis à Apple aﬁn de permettre à d’autres personnes de vous contacter. Lorsque vous utilisez iMessage, Apple peut conserver vos messages, sous une forme chiﬀrée, pour une période de temps limitée aﬁn de garantir leur transmission. Vous avez la possibilité de désactiver FaceTime ou iMessage depuis les réglages FaceTime ou Messages de votre Mac. Certaines fonctionnalités, telles qu’Analyse, Service de localisation, Siri, Dictée vocale et Spotlight peuvent nécessiter des informations concernant votre ordinateur pour fournir leurs fonctions respectives. Lorsque vous activez ou utilisez ces fonctionnalités, des détails sont fournis concernant les informations envoyées à Apple et le mode d’usage de ces informations. Vous pouvez en savoir plus en visitant l’adresse https://www.apple.com/privacy/. Les informations vous concernant sont toujours traitées conformément à l’Engagement de conﬁdentialité d’Apple, disponible à l’adresse : https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/.6. Services et Éléments de tierce partie.A. Généralités. Le Logiciel Apple peut activer l’accès à l’iTunes Store d’Apple, au Mac App Store, à Apple Books, Game Center, iCloud, Plans, News et à d’autres services et sites web d’Apple et de tierce partie (dénommés collectivement et individuellement « Services »). L’utilisation de ces Services nécessite un accès à Internet, et l’utilisation de certains Services peut nécessiter un identiﬁant Apple, peut vous obliger à accepter des termes de licence supplémentaires et est sujette à des frais supplémentaires. En utilisant ce logiciel avec un identiﬁant Apple ou tout Service Apple, vous acceptez les conditions de service applicables à ce Service, comme la dernière version des conditions générales des Services Apple Media correspondant au pays ou à la région où vous accédez à ces services, disponibles à l’adresse https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/.B. Si vous vous inscrivez à iCloud, vous pouvez accéder directement à certaines fonctionnalités d’iCloud telles que « iCloud Drive », « Mon ﬂux de photos », « Albums partagés » et « Localiser » à partir du Logiciel Apple. Vous reconnaissez et acceptez que l’utilisation d’iCloud et de ces fonctionnalités est soumise aux toutes dernières conditions de service d’iCloud, disponibles à l’adresse : https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/icloud/.C. Contenu de l’application News. L’utilisation du contenu auquel vous accédez par le biais de l’application News est limitée à des ﬁns personnelles et non commerciales et n’implique aucun transfert de propriété en votre faveur en ce qui concerne ledit contenu. Cela exclut spéciﬁquement, sans aucune limitation, toute utilisation commerciale ou promotionnelle des droits liés au contenu. D. Plans. Le service et les fonctionnalités de cartographie du Logiciel Apple (« Plans »), y compris le réseau de données liées à ceux-ci, peuvent varier selon les régions. Lorsque vous activez ou utilisez Plans, des informations relatives aux données envoyées à Apple et à leur utilisation vous sont présentées. Vous reconnaissez et vous acceptez que votre utilisation de l’application Plans est soumise à la version la plus récente des conditions générales d’utilisation du service Plans que vous pouvez consulter dans la barre latérale de l’application Plans.E. Vous acceptez qu’en utilisant ces Services vous pouvez rencontrer du contenu à caractère injurieux, indécent ou choquant, n’étant pas nécessairement identiﬁé comme tel et que les résultats de toute recherche ou toute saisie d’adresse URL peuvent automatiquement et involontairement créer des liens ou des références vers du contenu choquant. Néanmoins, vous acceptez d’utiliser les Services à vos risques et périls, et qu’Apple, ses ﬁliales, ses agents, ses représentants légaux et ses concédants de licence ne peuvent en aucun cas être tenus pour responsables du contenu que vous pouvez trouver oﬀensant, indécent ou choquant.F . Certains Services peuvent aﬃcher, contenir ou mettre à disposition du contenu, des données, des informations, des applications ou des documents de tierce partie, (« Éléments de tierce partie ») ou fournir des liens vers des sites web de tierce partie. Par l’utilisation des Services, vous reconnaissez et acceptez qu’Apple ne peut être responsable quant à l’examen ou l’évaluation du contenu, de son exactitude, de son intégrité, de son actualité, de sa validité, du respect des droits d’auteur, de sa légalité, de sa décence, de sa qualité ou de tout autre aspect de ces Éléments de tiers ou sites web tiers. Apple, ses dirigeants, ses aﬃliés et ses ﬁliales ne peuvent ni garantir, ni assumer la responsabilité ou l’engagement, envers vous ou toute autre personne, pour tout Service, Élément de tiers ou site web tiers, ou tout autre élément, produit ou service externe à ces tiers. Les Éléments de tierce partie et liens vers d’autres sites web ne sont fournis que pour votre facilité.G. Ni Apple, ni ses fournisseurs ou fournisseuses de contenu ne garantissent la disponibilité, l’exactitude, l’intégrité, la ﬁabilité ou le degré d’actualité des informations boursières, des données de localisation, des données de santé ou d’autres données fournies par un quelconque des Services. Les renseignements ﬁnanciers aﬃchés par les Services sont donnés à titre informatif seulement et ne devraient pas être conçus pour avoir valeur de conseils en placement. Avant de réaliser toute opération boursière basée sur les renseignements obtenus par le biais des Services, il vous est recommandé de consulter un spécialiste ﬁnancier habilité à fournir des conseils en matière ﬁnancière ou boursière dans votre pays ou région. Les informations de localisation fournies par les services, y compris le service Plans d’Apple, sont fournies à des ﬁns de navigation et/ou de planiﬁcation de base uniquement et ne sauraient être utilisées dans des situations où des informations de localisation précises sont nécessaires ou dans des situations où des informations de localisation erronées, inexactes, diﬀérées dans le temps ou incomplètes risqueraient d’entraîner la mort, des blessures ou des dégâts matériels ou environnementaux. Vous acceptez que les résultats oﬀerts par le service Plans puissent ne pas correspondre aux routes ou aux conditions du terrain réelles à cause de facteurs pouvant aﬀecter l’exactitude des données de Plans, notamment, mais sans s’y limiter, le temps, les conditions routières et de traﬁc et les évènements géopolitiques. Pour votre sécurité, faites toujours attention à la signalisation routière et aux conditions de la route. Suivez les pratiques garantissant une conduite sûre ainsi que le Code de la route et gardez en tête que les itinéraires à pied ou à vélo peuvent ne pas tenir compte des voies de circulation réservées aux piétons et aux cyclistes.H. Dans la mesure où vous téléchargez du contenu via les Services, vous signiﬁez détenir tous les droits relatifs audit contenu ou posséder l’autorisation ou la permission juridique de télécharger le contenu et que celui-ci n’enfreint aucune condition de service des Services. Vous reconnaissez que les Services reprennent du contenu, des informations et des données protégés appartenant à Apple, au propriétaire du site ou à leurs concédants, et protégés par les lois relatives à la propriété intellectuelle et lois connexes, notamment, mais sans s’y limiter, les droits d’auteur. Vous acceptez de ne pas utiliser ce contenu, ces informations ou ces données propriétaires dans un cadre autre que l’utilisation autorisée des services, et non dans le cadre de pratiques étant en contradiction avec les conditions générales de cette licence ou enfreignant tout droit de propriété intellectuelle d’une tierce partie ou d’Apple. Aucune partie des Services ne peut être reproduite sous quelque forme ou par quelque moyen que ce soit. Vous vous engagez à ne pas modiﬁer, louer, louer à bail, prêter, vendre, distribuer ni créer de produit dérivé des Services, de quelque façon que ce soit, et à ne pas exploiter les Services de façon non autorisée, notamment, mais sans s’y limiter, en utilisant les Services pour transmettre n’importe quel virus, ver, cheval de Troie ou tout autre logiciel malveillant ou en entraînant une surcharge des capacités réseau. Vous acceptez également de ne pas utiliser les Services de quelque façon que ce soit pour harceler, insulter, abuser, traquer, menacer, diﬀamer ou encore enfreindre ou violer les droits de toute autre partie, et qu’Apple n’est en aucun cas responsable de tels agissements de votre part, ni de toute transmission ou tout message de harcèlement, de menace, d’action diﬀamatoire, oﬀensant, non respectueux ou illégal dont vous pouvez faire l’objet suite à l’usage de n’importe lequel desdits Services.I. De plus, il se peut que les Services et les Éléments de tierce partie ne soient pas proposés dans toutes les langues ou dans tous les pays ou régions. Apple ne garantit en aucun cas que ces Services et Éléments de tiers seront adaptés ou disponibles en tout lieu. Dans la mesure où vous choisissez d’utiliser ou d’accéder à ces Services ou Éléments de tiers, vous l’acceptez sur votre propre initiative et vous êtes responsable de la conformité à toute législation en vigueur, y compris, mais sans s’y limiter, les législations locales et celles en matière de conﬁdentialité et de collecte de données. Apple et ses concédants de licence se réservent le droit de modiﬁer, suspendre, supprimer ou désactiver l’accès aux Services à tout moment sans préavis. En aucun cas Apple ne saurait être tenu responsable du retrait ou de la désactivation de l’accès à n’importe lequel de ces Services. Apple peut également imposer des limites à l’utilisation ou à l’accès à certains Services, sans préavis et sans garantie pour vous.7. Résiliation. Cette licence est eﬀective jusqu’à son terme. Vos droits découlant de cette Licence prendront ﬁn ou cesseront de s’appliquer automatiquement et sans notiﬁcation de la part d’Apple si vous ne vous conformez pas à l’une des stipulations de la présente Licence. Dès l’expiration de cette Licence, vous serez tenu de cesser toute utilisation du Logiciel Apple et de détruire tous les exemplaires, complets ou partiels, dudit logiciel. Les Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13 et 14 restent applicables au terme de la Licence.8. Exclusion de garanties.A. Si vous êtes un client qui est un consommateur (quelqu’un qui utilise le Logiciel Apple en dehors de son commerce, son entreprise ou sa profession), il se peut que vous bénéﬁciiez, dans votre pays de résidence, de droits selon lesquels les limitations suivantes ne s’appliqueraient pas à vous. Dans les pays où ces limitations sont interdites, elles ne s’appliquent pas. Pour en savoir plus sur vos droits, prenez contact avec un organisme local de conseil aux consommateurs.B. VOUS RECONNAISSEZ ET ADMETTEZ EXPRESSÉMENT QUE, DANS LA MESURE AUTORISÉE PAR LA LÉGISLATION EN VIGUEUR, L’UTILISATION DU LOGICIEL APPLE ET DE TOUT SERVICE FOURNI PAR LEDIT LOGICIEL OU ACCESSIBLE VIA CE DERNIER EST À VOS RISQUES ET PÉRILS ET QUE LA TOTALITÉ DU RISQUE RELATIF À LA QUALITÉ, AUX PERFORMANCES, À L’EXACTITUDE ET AU MANIEMENT SATISFAISANTS REPOSE SUR VOUS.C. DANS LA LIMITE MAXIMALE AUTORISÉE PAR LA LOI, LE LOGICIEL APPLE ET LES SERVICES SONT FOURNIS « EN L’ÉTAT » ET « SELON LA DISPONIBILITÉ », AVEC TOUS LES DÉFAUTS ET SANS GARANTIE D’AUCUNE SORTE ; APPLE ET SES CONCÉDANTS DE LICENCE (COLLECTIVEMENT DÉNOMMÉS « APPLE » DANS LE CADRE DES SECTIONS 8 ET 9) REJETTENT TOUTE GARANTIE ET CONDITION CONCERNANT LE LOGICIEL APPLE ET LES SERVICES, QUE CE SOIT EXPRESSÉMENT, IMPLICITEMENT, STATUTAIREMENT, Y COMPRIS, MAIS SANS LIMITATION TOUTE GARANTIE ET/CONDITION IMPLICITE MARCHANDE, SATISFACTION, ADÉQUATION À UN OBJECTIF PARTICULIER, EXACTITUDE, DE JOUISSANCE DU LOGICIEL OU DES SERVICES ET NON-ATTEINTE AUX DROITS DE TIERCE PARTIE.D. APPLE NE GARANTIT NULLEMENT L’ABSENCE DE PROBLÈMES LORS DE L’UTILISATION DU LOGICIEL APPLE ET DES SERVICES, L’ADÉQUATION À VOS BESOINS DES FONCTIONS OU DES SERVICES CONTENUS DANS OU FOURNIS PAR LEDIT LOGICIEL, LA NON-INTERRUPTION OU L’ABSENCE D’ERREURS DANS LE FONCTIONNEMENT DUDIT LOGICIEL ET DESDITS SERVICES, LA MISE À DISPOSITION CONTINUE DES SERVICES, LA CORRECTION DE TOUT DÉFAUT DU LOGICIEL APPLE OU DES SERVICES, LA COMPATIBILITÉ DU LOGICIEL APPLE OU DES SERVICES, OU SON BON FONCTIONNEMENT AVEC UN LOGICIEL, UNE APPLICATION OU UN SERVICE DE TIERCE PARTIE. L’INSTALLATION DE CE LOGICIEL APPLE PEUT AFFECTER LA DISPONIBILITÉ ET L’UTILISATION DE LOGICIELS, D’APPLICATIONS OU DE SERVICES DE TIERCE PARTIE ET D’AUTRES PRODUITS OU SERVICES APPLE.E. VOUS CONFIRMEZ AVOIR PRIS CONNAISSANCE DU FAIT QUE LE LOGICIEL APPLE ET LES SERVICES NE SONT PAS PRÉVUS NI CONÇUS POUR UNE UTILISATION DANS DES SITUATIONS OU DES ENVIRONNEMENTS OÙ DES PANNES, DES RETARDS, DES ERREURS OU DES INEXACTITUDES DANS LA TRANSMISSION DES DONNÉES OU DES INFORMATIONS PAR LE BIAIS DU LOGICIEL APPLE OU DES SERVICES POURRAIENT CAUSER UN DOMMAGE DE QUELQUE TYPE QUE CE SOIT, Y COMPRIS NOTAMMENT, LA MORT, DES DÉGÂTS CORPORELS OU UN DOMMAGE FINANCIER, PHYSIQUE, MATÉRIEL, DE PROPRIÉTÉ OU ÉCOLOGIQUE, QU’IL S’AGISSE D’UNE UTILISATION DANS LES SITES NUCLÉAIRES, LES AVIONS, LES SYSTÈMES DE NAVIGATION OU DE COMMUNICATION, LE CONTRÔLE AÉRIEN, L’ASSISTANCE MÉDICALE OU LES SYSTÈMES D’ARMEMENT.F . AUCUNE INFORMATION, ORALE OU ÉCRITE, NI AUCUN CONSEIL DONNÉ PAR APPLE OU UN REPRÉSENTANT AUTORISÉ D’APPLE NE CONSTITUERA UNE GARANTIE. SI LE LOGICIEL APPLE OU SES SERVICES S’AVÉRAIENT DÉFECTUEUX, VOUS ASSUMERIEZ SEUL LE COÛT TOTAL DE TOUTE RÉVISION, RÉPARATION OU RECTIFICATION NÉCESSAIRE. CERTAINES LÉGISLATIONS NE PERMETTANT NI L’EXCLUSION DE GARANTIES IMPLICITES, NI LES RESTRICTIONS AUX DROITS DES CONSOMMATEURS EN VIGUEUR, IL EST POSSIBLE QUE L’EXCLUSION ET LES LIMITES MENTIONNÉES CI-DESSUS NE VOUS CONCERNENT PAS.9. Limitation de responsabilité. DANS LA MESURE OÙ LA LÉGISLATION EN VIGUEUR NE L’INTERDIT PAS, EN AUCUN CAS APPLE, SES SOCIÉTÉS AFFILIÉES, SES AGENTES ET AGENTS OU SES RESPONSABLES NE SERONT RESPONSABLES DE DOMMAGE CORPOREL NI DE QUELCONQUE DOMMAGE ACCIDENTEL, SPÉCIAL, INDIRECT OU ACCESSOIRE, Y COMPRIS DE FAÇON NON LIMITATIVE, LES DOMMAGES DUS AUX PERTES DE BÉNÉFICES, LES ENDOMMAGEMENTS OU LES PERTES DE DONNÉES, LES ÉCHECS DE TRANSMISSION OU DE RÉCEPTION DE DONNÉES OU D’INFORMATIONS QUELCONQUES (INCLUANT NOTAMMENT LES INSTRUCTIONS, LES DEVOIRS ET LE MATÉRIEL DE COURS), L’INTERRUPTION DES ACTIVITÉS OU TOUT AUTRE DOMMAGE COMMERCIAL OU PERTE COMMERCIALE RÉSULTANT DE OU RELATIFS À VOTRE UTILISATION OU VOTRE INAPTITUDE À UTILISER LE LOGICIEL APPLE OU LES SERVICES OU TOUT LOGICIEL, APPLICATION OU SERVICE DE TIERCE PARTIE CONJOINTEMENT AVEC LE LOGICIEL APPLE OU LES SERVICES, QUELLE QU’EN SOIT LA CAUSE, SANS TENIR COMPTE DE LA THÉORIE DE LA RESPONSABILITÉ (QUE CE SOIT POUR RUPTURE DE CONTRAT, EN RESPONSABILITÉ CIVILE, OU AUTRE) ET MÊME SI APPLE A ÉTÉ INFORMÉ DE LA POSSIBILITÉ DE TELS DOMMAGES. CERTAINES JURIDICTIONS NE PERMETTANT PAS L’EXCLUSION OU LA LIMITATION DE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR DOMMAGES PERSONNELS, INDIRECTS OU ACCESSOIRES, IL EST POSSIBLE QUE CETTE LIMITATION NE VOUS CONCERNE PAS. La responsabilité totale d’Apple envers vous au titre de tout dommage (en dehors de ce que la législation pourrait exiger dans les cas impliquant une blessure) n’excédera en aucun cas la somme de deux cent cinquante dollars (250 $). Les limitations susdites s’appliqueront même si le recours indiqué ci-dessus fait défaut à sa vocation essentielle.10. Certiﬁcats numériques. Le Logiciel Apple inclut des fonctions permettant d’accepter des certiﬁcats numériques émis soit par Apple, soit par des tiers. VOUS ÊTES PAR CONSÉQUENT RESPONSABLE DÈS LORS QUE VOUS DÉCIDEZ DE FAIRE CONFIANCE À UN CERTIFICAT, QU’IL PROVIENNE D’APPLE OU D’UN TIERS. L’UTILISATION DE CERTIFICATS NUMÉRIQUES RESTE À VOS RISQUES ET PÉRILS. DANS TOUTE LA MESURE PERMISE PAR LA LOI EN APPLICATION, APPLE NE DONNE AUCUNE GARANTIE OU REPRÉSENTATION, EXPRESSE OU IMPLICITE, QUANT À LA QUALITÉ MARCHANDE OU L’ADÉQUATION À UN USAGE PARTICULIER, LA PRÉCISION, LA SÉCURITÉ OU LA NON-VIOLATION DES DROITS DE TIERS CONCERNANT LES CERTIFICATS NUMÉRIQUES. Vous acceptez (a) de ne pas falsiﬁer ni utiliser de manière abusive tout certiﬁcat ; (b) d’utiliser les certiﬁcats numériques à des ﬁns exclusivement légales et conformément à toute politique de certiﬁcats, déclaration de pratique de certiﬁcation ou déclaration de pratique commerciale des autorités de certiﬁcation applicable ; (c) d’assumer seul la responsabilité d’empêcher toute personne non autorisée d’utiliser vos certiﬁcats numériques ; (d) d’assumer seul la responsabilité d’empêcher toute personne non autorisée d’utiliser la clé privée associée à votre certiﬁcat numérique ; et (e) de révoquer tout certiﬁcat vous appartenant qui ne présente plus selon vous toutes les garanties de sécurité requises. La politique de certiﬁcats et les déclarations de pratique de certiﬁcation d’Apple sont disponibles à l’adresse : https://www.apple.com/certiﬁcateauthority.11. Contrôle des exportations. Vous ne pouvez utiliser, exporter ou réexporter le Logiciel Apple que conformément à la législation des États-Unis et à la législation du ou des pays dans lesquels vous avez acquis le Logiciel Apple. En particulier, mais sans limitation, le Logiciel Apple ne peut être exporté ni réexporté (a) vers tout pays soumis à embargo des États-Unis ou (b) à toute personne ﬁgurant sur la liste « Specially Designated Nationals » du ministère des Finances des États-Unis ou sur les listes « Denied Persons » ou « Denied Entity » du ministère du Commerce des États-Unis ou sur toute autre liste de partie non autorisée. En utilisant le Logiciel Apple, vous déclarez et garantissez ne pas vous trouver dans un de ces pays ou ﬁgurer sur les listes mentionnées ci-dessus. Vous acceptez également de ne pas utiliser le Logiciel Apple à des ﬁns non autorisées par la législation des États-Unis, ce qui inclut, sans limitation, le développement, la conception, la fabrication ou la production de missiles et d’armes nucléaires, chimiques ou biologiques.12. Gouvernement des États-Unis. Le Logiciel Apple et la documentation qui s’y rapporte constituent des « Commercial Items » (éléments commerciaux), tel que ce terme est déﬁni dans la clause 48 C.F .R. (Code of Federal Rules) §2.101, consistant en « Commercial Computer Software » (logiciel commercial) et « Commercial Computer Software Documentation » (documentation de logiciel commercial), tels que ces termes sont utilisés dans les clauses 48 C.F .R. §12.212 ou 48 C.F .R. §227.7202. Conformément à la clause 48 C.F .R. §12.212 ou 48 C.F .R. §227.7202-1 à 227.7202-4, le « Commercial Computer Software » et le « Commercial Computer Software Documentation » sont fournis sous licence au gouvernement des États-Unis (a) uniquement comme « Commercial Items » et (b) uniquement accompagnés des droits octroyés à tous les autres utilisateurs conformément aux termes et conditions ci-inclus. Les droits non publiés sont réservés en vertu de la législation des droits d’auteur en vigueur aux États-Unis.13. Loi applicable et divisibilité du contrat. Cette Licence sera régie et interprétée en conformité avec la législation de l’État de Californie, telle qu’elle s’applique aux accords conclus et réalisés entièrement en Californie entre résidents californiens. Cette Licence ne sera pas régie par la convention des Nations Unies sur les contrats de vente internationale de biens, dont l’application est expressément exclue. Si vous êtes un consommateur résidant au Royaume-Uni, la présente Licence sera régie par les lois de la juridiction dans laquelle vous résidez. Si pour une raison quelconque un tribunal ayant juridiction juge qu’une disposition de la présente Licence est inapplicable, en totalité ou en partie, les autres dispositions de la présente Licence resteront entièrement applicables.14. Intégralité de l’accord ; Langue prévalente. Cette Licence constitue l’intégralité de l’accord entre vous et Apple quant au Logiciel Apple et remplace tous les accords ou propositions antérieurs ou actuels, écrits ou verbaux, à ce sujet. Aucun amendement ni aucune modiﬁcation de cette Licence ne prendra eﬀet à moins d’être stipulé par écrit et signé par Apple. Toute traduction de la présente Licence est eﬀectuée pour des besoins locaux. En cas de litige entre la version anglaise et toute autre version, seule la version anglaise sera d’application.15. Mentions concernant les tierces parties.A. Certaines portions du Logiciel Apple peuvent utiliser ou comporter des logiciels de tierce partie et des mentions concernant les droits d’auteur. Les remerciements, les conditions de licence et les exclusions de garanties desdits éléments ﬁgurent dans la documentation électronique du Logiciel Apple, et votre utilisation desdits éléments est régie par leurs conditions respectives. L’utilisation du service de navigation sécurisée de Google est régie par les Conditions d’utilisation ( (https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms//) /) /) /) et les Règles de conﬁdentialité ( (https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/).B. Certaines bibliothèques de logiciels et autres logiciels de tierce partie inclus avec le Logiciel Apple sont des logiciels gratuits dont la licence est régie par les termes de la GNU General Public License (GPL) ou de la GNU Library General Public License (LGPL), selon le cas. Il est possible d’obtenir, par simple demande écrite à Apple, à l’adresse opensource@apple.com, une copie électronique du code source du logiciel libre, selon les termes de la licence GPL ou LGPL, sans aucuns frais, à l’exception de ceux de support, d’envoi et de traitement. Le logiciel GPL/LGPL est distribué dans un but utilitaire, mais SANS AUCUNE GARANTIE, pas même la garantie implicite de QUALITÉ MARCHANDE ou D’APTITUDE À UNE FIN SPÉCIFIQUE. Une copie de la licence GPL et LGPL est fournie avec le Logiciel Apple.C. Utilisation de MPEG-4. La licence de ce produit vous est concédée d’après les conditions de la licence du portefeuille de brevets de MPEG-4 Systems pour réaliser des encodages conformes à la norme MPEG-4 Systems. Toutefois, une licence supplémentaire et le paiement de droits d’auteur sont nécessaires pour des encodages relatifs (i) à des données stockées ou dupliquées sur un support physique et vendues titre par titre et/ou (ii) à des données vendues titre par titre et transmises à un utilisateur ﬁnal pour un stockage et/ou une utilisation déﬁnitive. Une telle licence supplémentaire peut être obtenue auprès de MPEG LA, LLC. Pour en savoir plus, consulter : https://www.mpegla.comLa licence de ce produit vous est concédée d’après les conditions de la licence du portefeuille de brevets de MPEG-4 Visual dans le cadre d’une licence privée à but non commercial par un consommateur pour (i) l’encodage de vidéo en conformité avec la norme MPEG-4 Visual (« Vidéo au format MPEG-4 ») et/ou (ii) le décodage de vidéo au format MPEG-4 encodée par un consommateur engagé dans une activité privée à but non commercial et/ou obtenue d’un fournisseur vidéo sous licence de MPEG LA pour distribuer de la vidéo au format MPEG-4. Aucune licence ne saurait être accordée ou être considérée comme implicite pour toute autre utilisation. Des informations complémentaires sur l’utilisation à des ﬁns promotionnelles, internes et commerciales et sur l’attribution de licence dans de tels cas sont disponibles auprès de MPEG LA, LLC. Voir https://www.mpegla.com.D. Avis H.264/AVC. Dans la mesure où le Logiciel Apple inclut la fonctionnalité d’encodage et/ou de décodage AVC, l’usage commercial de H.264/AVC requiert une concession de licence complémentaire et la disposition suivante s’applique : LA PRÉSENTE LICENCE POUR LA FONCTIONNALITÉ AVC DE CE PRODUIT N’EST ACCORDÉE QUE DANS LE CADRE D’UN USAGE PERSONNEL ET NON COMMERCIAL D’UN CONSOMMATEUR POUR (I) ENCODER DE LA VIDÉO SELON LA NORME AVC (« VIDÉO AVC ») ET/OU (II) DÉCODER DE LA VIDÉO AVC ENCODÉE PAR UN CONSOMMATEUR DANS LE CADRE D’UNE ACTIVITÉ PERSONNELLE ET NON COMMERCIALE ET/OU DE LA VIDÉO AVC PROVENANT D’UN FOURNISSEUR VIDÉO AUTORISÉ À PROPOSER DE LA VIDÉO AVC. LES INFORMATIONS RELATIVES AUX AUTRES USAGES ET LICENCES SONT DISPONIBLES AUPRÈS DE MPEG LA L.L.C. VOIR HTTPS://WWW.MPEGLA.COM.E. Avis AMR. La fonctionnalité de codage et décodage Adaptive Multi-Rate (« AMR ») de ce produit ne fait pas l’objet d’une licence permettant d’eﬀectuer des appels depuis ou sur un téléphone portable, ou permettant son utilisation sur n’importe quel produit de téléphonie conçu selon l’architecture QuickTime pour la plateforme Windows. La fonctionnalité de codage et décodage AMR de ce produit ne fait pas l’objet d’une licence pour l’utilisation au sein d’une infrastructure de communication cellulaire telle que : les stations de base, les contrôleurs de station de base ou de réseau radio, les centrales téléphoniques et les réseaux commutés publics.F . Avis FAA. Les données provenant de National Airspace System Status Information (informations d’état du système aérien national) et du projet Aircraft Situation Display (suivi des vols dans l’espace aérien), aﬃchées dans le Logiciel Apple, sont générées par la Federal Aviation Administration, FAA. Vous acceptez de ne pas redistribuer de données concernant les vols sans l’accord préalable écrit de la FAA. La FAA et Apple refusent toute garantie, exprimée ou implicite (y compris les garanties de qualité marchande et d’adéquation à un usage particulier), quant à l’utilisation et à l’authenticité des données sur les vols. Vous acceptez que la FAA et Apple ne peuvent être responsables, aussi bien collectivement qu’individuellement, des éventuels pertes, dommages, plaintes, responsabilités, remboursements ou pénalités, ni même de tout dommage indirect, spécial, secondaire, accessoire ou conséquent dérivant de l’utilisation de ces données. Le Logiciel Apple n’est ni parrainé ni soutenu par la FAA. La FAA n’est pas responsable des problèmes techniques ou liés au système, et vous ne devez pas contacter la FAA au sujet de tels problèmes ou de problèmes liés au traﬁc aérien opérationnel.G. Utilisation des proﬁls de couleur Adobe. Vous pouvez utiliser le logiciel Adobe Color Proﬁle fourni avec le Logiciel Apple conformément à cette Licence, mais Adobe n’est pas tenu de fournir le support pour les proﬁls de couleur ci-dessous, notamment les mises à jour ou les prochaines versions des proﬁls ou de tout autre élément. En plus des dispositions présentées dans les Sections 8 et 9 ci-dessus, ADOBE NE SERA EN AUCUN CAS RESPONSABLE DES ÉVENTUELS DOMMAGES, RÉCLAMATIONS OU FRAIS DONT VOUS POUVEZ FAIRE L’OBJET. Le logiciel de proﬁls de couleur Adobe qui est fourni avec le Logiciel Apple peut également être téléchargé à l’adresse https://www.adobe.com.H. Contrat de licence d’utilisation de Gracenote®. Cet appareil ou cette application contient un logiciel développé par Gracenote, Inc., société sise à Emeryville, Californie, États-Unis (ci-après, « Gracenote »). Ce logiciel Gracenote (ci-après le « Logiciel Gracenote ») permet à cette application d’identiﬁer des disques ou des ﬁchiers et d’obtenir des informations musicales telles que le nom, l’artiste, la piste et le titre (ci-après les « Données Gracenote ») à partir de serveurs en ligne ou de bases de données incorporées (collectivement, les « Serveurs Gracenote ») et d’exécuter d’autres fonctions. Vous pouvez utiliser les Données Gracenote uniquement par exécution des fonctions destinées à l’utilisateur de cet appareil ou de cette application. Vous convenez d’utiliser les Données Gracenote, le Logiciel Gracenote et les Serveurs Gracenote uniquement pour un usage personnel et non commercial. Vous acceptez de ne pas céder, copier, transférer, ni transmettre le Logiciel Gracenote ou toute partie des Données Gracenote à un tiers quelconque. VOUS CONVENEZ DE NE PAS UTILISER NI EXPLOITER LES DONNÉES GRACENOTE, LE LOGICIEL GRACENOTE OU LES SERVEURS GRACENOTE À DES FINS AUTRES QUE LES FINS EXPRESSÉMENT AUTORISÉES DANS LE PRÉSENT CONTRAT DE LICENCE. Vous convenez que la licence non exclusive dont vous jouissez pour l’utilisation des Données Gracenote, du Logiciel Gracenote et des Serveurs Gracenote sera résiliée si vous ne respectez pas les présentes conditions. Si votre licence est résiliée, vous acceptez de mettre ﬁn immédiatement à tout type d’utilisation des Données Gracenote, du Logiciel Gracenote et des Serveurs Gracenote. Gracenote se réserve tous les droits relatifs aux Données Gracenote, au Logiciel Gracenote et aux Serveurs Gracenote, y compris tous les droits de propriété. Gracenote ne saurait en aucun cas être redevable d’un paiement en votre faveur pour des informations que vous auriez communiquées à Gracenote. Vous convenez que Gracenote pourra faire valoir contre vous ses droits tels que décrits dans le présent Contrat de licence, directement et en son nom propre. Le Service Gracenote utilise un identiﬁant unique pour assurer à des ﬁns statistiques le suivi des requêtes eﬀectuées. L’identiﬁant unique attribué de manière aléatoire a pour but de permettre au service Gracenote de compter les requêtes sans pouvoir vous identiﬁer. Pour en savoir plus à ce sujet, consultez la page web de la Charte de conﬁdentialité du service Gracenote. Le Logiciel Gracenote et l’intégralité des Données Gracenote vous sont cédés « EN L’ÉTAT ». Gracenote ne fournit aucune déclaration ou garantie, explicite ou implicite, en ce qui concerne la précision des Données Gracenote disponibles à partir des Serveurs Gracenote. La société Gracenote se réserve le droit de supprimer des données des Serveurs Gracenote ou de modiﬁer des catégories de données pour toute raison qu’elle estime suﬃsante. Aucune garantie d’absence d’erreur ou de fonctionnement ininterrompu du Logiciel Gracenote ou des Serveurs Gracenote ne vous est fournie. Gracenote n’est nullement obligée de mettre à votre disposition les catégories ou types de données nouveaux ou améliorés qu’elle pourrait proposer à l’avenir et la société est libre de mettre ﬁn à ses services à tout moment. GRACENOTE EXCLUT TOUTE GARANTIE EXPLICITE OU IMPLICITE, Y COMPRIS NOTAMMENT LES GARANTIES IMPLICITES DE POTENTIEL COMMERCIAL, D’ADÉQUATION À UN USAGE SPÉCIFIQUE, DE PROPRIÉTÉ ET DE NON-INFRACTION. GRACENOTE NE GARANTIT AUCUNEMENT LES RÉSULTATS QUI POURRAIENT ÊTRE OBTENUS PAR VOTRE UTILISATION DU LOGICIEL GRACENOTE OU D’UN SERVEUR GRACENOTE QUELCONQUE. GRACENOTE NE SAURAIT EN AUCUN CAS ÊTRE RESPONSABLE DES DOMMAGES ÉVENTUELLEMENT CONSÉQUENTS OU INCIDENTS SUBIS NI D’AUCUNE PERTE DE BÉNÉFICES OU DE CHIFFRE D’AFFAIRES. 16. Restrictions du service Yahoo Search. Le service Yahoo Search disponible via Safari n’est octroyé en licence d’utilisation que dans les pays et régions suivants : Allemagne, Argentine, Aruba, Australie, Autriche, Bahamas, Barbade, Belgique, Bermudes, Brésil, Bulgarie, Canada, Chili, Chine continentale, Chypre, Colombie, Corée du Sud, Danemark, Équateur, Espagne, États-Unis, Finlande, France, Grèce, Grenade, Guatemala, Hong Kong, Hongrie, Îles Caïmans, Inde, Indonésie, Irlande, Islande, Italie, Jamaïque, Japon, Lettonie, Lituanie, Luxembourg, Malaisie, Malte, Mexique, Nicaragua, Norvège, Nouvelle-Zélande, Panama, Pays-Bas, Pérou, Philippines, Pologne, Porto Rico, Portugal, République Dominicaine, République Tchèque, Roumanie, Royaume-Uni, Sainte-Lucie, Saint-Vincent, Salvador, Singapour, Slovaquie, Slovénie, Suède, Suisse, Taïwan, Thaïlande, Trinité-et-Tobago, Turquie, Uruguay et Venezuela.EA180508/07/2022————————————Conditions générales supplémentaires relatives à Apple PayLes présentes Conditions générales supplémentaires relatives à Apple Pay (« Conditions générales supplémentaires ») complètent le Contrat de licence de logiciel pour macOS (la « Licence »). Les dispositions de la Licence et des présentes Conditions générales supplémentaires régissent votre utilisation de la fonctionnalité Apple Pay qui doit être considérée de façon implicite comme un « Service » en vertu de la Licence. Les termes en majuscule utilisés dans les présentes Conditions générales supplémentaires possèdent la déﬁnition indiquée dans la Licence.1.     Vue d’ensemble et restrictions d’utilisationApple Pay vous permet de conserver des représentations virtuelles de cartes de crédit, de débit et prépayées, y compris de la carte Apple Card, prises en charge par la fonctionnalité Apple Pay (« Cartes prises en charge »), d’utiliser les Mac pris en charge pour entreprendre ou réaliser des paiements au sein de sites web, de suivre les commandes en ligne et d’aﬃcher les reçus. Il est possible que la fonctionnalité Apple Pay du Logiciel Apple soit disponible uniquement dans certaines régions, avec des émetteurs de cartes, des réseaux de paiement et des commerçants spéciﬁques. Les fonctionnalités peuvent varier selon les régions, les sociétés émettrices de carte et les commerces. Les Cartes prises en charge sont susceptibles de changer de temps à autre.La fonctionnalité Apple Pay est prévue pour un usage personnel et vous ne pouvez provisionner que vos propres Cartes prises en charge. Si vous provisionnez une carte d’entreprise prise en charge, vous déclarez le faire avec l’autorisation de la personne qui vous emploie et avoir la permission de lier cette dernière par les conditions d’utilisation et les transactions réalisées en utilisant cette fonctionnalité.Vous acceptez de ne pas utiliser Apple Pay à des ﬁns illégales ou frauduleuses ou à toute autre ﬁn interdite par la Licence et par ces Conditions générales supplémentaires. Vous acceptez également d’utiliser Apple Pay conformément aux lois et réglementations applicables. Vous acceptez de ne pas interférer avec ni interrompre le fonctionnement du service Apple Pay (y compris de ne pas accéder au service par un moyen automatisé quelconque) ou de tout serveur ou réseau connecté audit service, ou de toute politique, exigence ou réglementation de réseaux connectés audit service (y compris tout accès non autorisé, utilisation ou contrôle des données ou du traﬁc sur ceux-ci).2.     Utilisation sur ordinateurs MacVous pouvez utiliser Apple Pay sur les ordinateurs Mac pris en charge pour engager des paiements sur des sites web accessibles à travers Safari. Cette fonctionnalité vous oblige à disposer d’une Carte prise en charge et attribuée à un appareil iOS pris en charge ou une Apple Watch prise en charge (« Appareils pris en charge »). Au moment où vous procédez au règlement depuis un site web utilisant Apple Pay, vous devez autoriser la transaction à l’aide d’un Appareil pris en charge.En plus des conditions énoncées dans ces Conditions générales supplémentaires, votre usage d’Apple Pay pour engager des paiements sur des sites web accédés à travers Safari est soumis aux Conditions générales supplémentaires d’Apple Pay applicables à vos Appareils pris en charge, lesquelles conditions sont incorporées dans la présente par référence et accessibles depuis les options suivantes : Réglages > Général > Informations > Mentions légales > Licence sur votre appareil iOS, ou Informations > Mentions légales > Licence dans l’app Watch sur un appareil iOS jumelé. Les Appareils pris en charge peuvent changer de temps à autre.Sur un MacBook Pro doté de la fonctionnalité Touch ID intégrée, vous pouvez conﬁgurer Apple Pay en créditant les Cartes prises en charge et en utilisant Apple Pay pour réaliser des paiements sur des sites web accédés à travers Safari. Aﬁn de pouvoir utiliser Apple Pay sur ces ordinateurs Mac, vous devez posséder des Cartes prises en charge associées à un compte iCloud actif. Apple Pay n’est disponible qu’aux personnes d’au moins 13 ans et peut faire l’objet de restrictions d’âge supplémentaires imposées par iCloud ou la société émettrice de carte applicable de vos Cartes prise en charge.3.     Relation avec AppleApple ne traite pas de transactions liées à des paiements et ne possède aucun contrôle sur les paiements, les retours, les remboursements, les récompenses, les oﬀres, les rabais, les commandes et leur exécution ou toute activité commerciale pouvant être liés à votre utilisation de cette fonctionnalité. Les éventuelles conditions relatives à l’utilisation de carte de la société émettrice de carte régissent l’utilisation de vos Cartes prises en charge et leur utilisation au moyen de la fonctionnalité Apple Pay. En outre, votre achat de toute marchandise ou tout service par l’intermédiaire de la fonctionnalité Apple Pay est sujet aux conditions générales du commerce régissant lesdits programmes. La carte Apple Card n’est disponible qu’aux États-Unis et est émise par Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch (« Émetteur de carte Apple Card »). Lorsque vous faites la demande d’une carte Apple Card, vous demandez d’ouvrir un compte auprès de l’Émetteur de carte Apple Card. La carte Apple Card n’est disponible que pour les personnes âgées d’au moins 18 ans (ou plus en fonction de l’État où vous résidez). L’établissement ﬁnancier chargé de fournir la carte Apple Card peut changer et l’utilisation de la carte Apple Card est soumise à ses conditions générales.Aucune disposition de la Licence ou des présentes Conditions générales supplémentaires ne modiﬁe les conditions de tout accord de titulaire de carte ou de commerçant ni d’autres conditions générales régissant l’utilisation des fonctionnalités d’Apple Pay et les termes d’un tel accord régissent votre utilisation de la fonctionnalité d’Apple Pay applicable et sa représentation virtuelle sur votre Mac pris en charge.Vous acceptez qu’Apple n’est pas partie à votre accord de titulaire de carte ou de commerçant ni responsable (a) du contenu, de l’exactitude ou de l’indisponibilité de cartes de paiement, des activités commerciales, des transactions, des achats, des commandes et de leur exécution ou des reçus dans le cadre de l’utilisation de la fonctionnalité Apple Pay ; (b) de l’accord de crédit ou l’étude d’éligibilité au crédit ; (c) des activités des sociétés émettrices, des commerçants ou d’autres parties liées à votre utilisation d’Apple Pay ou de Cartes ; (d) des décisions de provisionnement prises par une société émettrice, un commerçant ou tout autre tiers lié à une Carte prise en charge ; (e) de l’accumulation ou de l’échange de points de ﬁdélité ou de crédit du programme d’un commerce ; ou (f) du remboursement ou de la recharge de cartes prépayées. Pour tout diﬀérend ou question relatif aux cartes de paiement ou à des activités commerciales associées à des cartes, veuillez prendre contact avec la société émettrice de carte ou le commerçant.4.     ConﬁdentialitéEn cas d’utilisation d’Apple Pay pour engager une transaction de paiement à terminer sur un Appareil pris en charge, Apple Pay transfère les informations de paiement dans un format chiﬀré entre votre Mac et votre Appareil pris en charge pour terminer votre transaction. Lorsque vous utilisez Apple Pay pour réaliser une transaction de paiement sur un MacBook Pro doté de la fonctionnalité Touch ID intégrée, vos informations de paiement sont fournies sous un format chiﬀré au site web dans le cadre de ladite transaction. Lorsque vous ajoutez une carte à Apple Pay sur un MacBook Pro doté de la fonctionnalité Touch ID intégrée, des informations relatives à votre appareil, telles que l’indication d’activation ou non de certains réglages de l’appareil et des habitudes d’utilisation de l’appareil (par exemple, le pourcentage de temps que l’appareil est en mouvement ou le nombre approximatif d’appels par semaine), sont envoyées à Apple pour déterminer votre droit d’utilisation et pour prévenir toute tentative de fraude. Pour en savoir plus sur les données personnelles collectées, utilisées ou partagées dans le cadre de votre utilisation d’Apple Pay, consultez les avis de conﬁdentialité spéciﬁques de chaque service, notamment les rubriques À propos d’Apple Pay et Conﬁdentialité, accessibles sur votre appareil iOS ou Mac, ou depuis l’app Watch sur un appareil iOS jumelé, ou en visitant https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy. En utilisant Apple Pay, vous acceptez qu’Apple, ainsi que ses ﬁliales et ses représentantes et représentants, transmettent, recueillent, conservent, traitent et utilisent ces données comme décrit ci-dessus pour assurer le bon fonctionnement d’Apple Pay.5.     SécuritéApple Pay conserve des représentations virtuelles de vos Cartes prises en charge et vous reconnaissez et acceptez qu’en fournissant le code ou le mot de passe de votre appareil à un tiers ou en autorisant un tiers à ajouter son empreinte digitale pour utiliser Touch ID sur votre Appareil ou Mac pris en charge, vous pouvez lui donner la possibilité de réaliser des paiements Apple Pay sur votre Mac depuis des sites web. Vous êtes l’unique responsable de la sécurité de vos appareils et des codes et mots de passe en vigueur. Vous acceptez qu’Apple n’assume aucune responsabilité si vous perdez votre appareil ou partagez les informations permettant d’y accéder, ou si vous réalisez des modiﬁcations non autorisées sur macOS.Si votre appareil est perdu ou volé est que la fonctionnalité Localiser mon iPhone ou Localiser mon Mac est activée, vous pouvez l’utiliser ou utiliser https://icloud.com pour essayer de désactiver la possibilité de payer avec les cartes virtuelles prises en charge sur l’appareil en le désignant comme perdu. Vous pouvez également eﬀacer le contenu de votre appareil, dans le but de désactiver la possibilité de payer avec les cartes virtuelles prises en charge sur votre appareil. Cependant, vous devez également prendre contact avec la société émettrice de vos Cartes prises en charge aﬁn d’empêcher tout accès non autorisé à vos cartes virtuelles prises en charge.Si vous signalez, ou qu’Apple suspecte, des activités frauduleuses ou abusives, vous acceptez de collaborer avec Apple dans toute enquête et de prendre toute mesure de prévention contre la fraude nécessaire recommandée par Apple.6.     Limitation de responsabilitéOUTRE LES EXCLUSIONS DE GARANTIES ET LES LIMITATIONS DE RESPONSABILITÉ CONTENUES DANS LA LICENCE, APPLE N’ASSUME AUCUNE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR LES ACHATS, LES PAIEMENTS, LES TRANSACTIONS, LES COMMANDES OU LEUR EXÉCUTION, LES INFORMATIONS SUR LES REÇUS OU TOUTE AUTRE ACTIVITÉ COMMERCIALE RÉALISÉS À L’AIDE DE LA FONCTIONNALITÉ APPLE PAY . DE PLUS, VOUS ACCEPTEZ DE VOUS RAPPORTER UNIQUEMENT AUX ACCORDS PASSÉS AVEC LA SOCIÉTÉ ÉMETTRICE DE VOTRE CARTE, VOTRE RÉSEAU DE PAIEMENT OU LES COMMERÇANTS AUPRÈS DESQUELS VOUS RÉALISEZ DES ACHATS POUR RÉSOUDRE TOUTE QUESTION OU TOUT DIFFÉREND RELATIF À VOS CARTES PRISES EN CHARGE, VOS CARTES VIRTUELLES PRISES EN CHARGE ET LES ACTIVITÉS COMMERCIALES QUI Y SONT ASSOCIÉES.DEUTSCHAPPLE INC.SOFTWARELIZENZVERTRAG FÜR macOS VenturaFür die Nutzung auf Apple-SystemenBITTE LIES DIESEN SOFTWARELIZENZVERTRAG („LIZENZ“) SORGFÄLTIG DURCH, BEVOR DU DIE APPLE-SOFTWARE IN BETRIEB NIMMST. INDEM DU DIE APPLE-SOFTWARE VERWENDEST, ERKLÄRST DU DEIN EINVERSTÄNDNIS MIT DEN BESTIMMUNGEN DES NACHSTEHENDEN LIZENZVERTRAGS. WENN DU MIT DEN BESTIMMUNGEN DIESES LIZENZVERTRAGS NICHT EINVERSTANDEN BIST, INSTALLIERE UND/ODER VERWENDE DIE APPLE-SOFTWARE NICHT UND KLICKE AUF „ABLEHNEN“, WENN DIE OPTION ZUM AKZEPTIEREN ODER ABLEHNEN DER BESTIMMUNGEN ANGEZEIGT WIRD. WENN DU DIE APPLE-SOFTWARE IM RAHMEN EINES APPLE-HARDWAREKAUFS ERWORBEN HAST UND MIT DEN BESTIMMUNGEN DIESER LIZENZ NICHT EINVERSTANDEN BIST, KANNST DU DAS VOLLSTÄNDIGE APPLE-HARDWARE-/SOFTWAREPAKET GEMÄSS DEN APPLE-RÜCKGABERICHTLINIEN (ZU FINDEN UNTER https://www.apple.com/legal/sales-support/) INNERHALB DES RÜCKGABEZEITRAUMS GEGEN RÜCKERSTATTUNG DES KAUFPREISES AN DEN APPLE STORE ODER DEN AUTORISIERTEN HÄNDLER ZURÜCKGEBEN, BEI DEM DU ES ERWORBEN HAST. DU MUSST DAS VOLLSTÄNDIGE HARDWARE-/SOFTWAREPAKET ZURÜCKGEBEN, DAMIT DER KAUFPREIS ERSTATTET WERDEN KANN.WICHTIGER HINWEIS: Bis zu dem Maße, in dem diese Software zur Reproduktion, Änderung, Veröﬀentlichung oder Verteilung von Materialien verwendet werden kann, erteilt dir der Lizenzgeber hiermit lediglich das Recht zur Reproduktion, Änderung, Veröﬀentlichung und Verteilung von Materialien, (i) die nicht durch Urheberrechte geschützt sind, (ii) für die du das Urheberrecht besitzt oder (iii) zu deren Reproduktion, Änderung, Veröﬀentlichung oder Verteilung du bevollmächtigt oder rechtlich autorisiert bist. Wenn du dir über dein Recht zum Kopieren, Ändern, Veröﬀentlichen oder Verteilen von Materialien jeglicher Art nicht im Klaren bist, wende dich bitte an deinen Rechtsbeistand.1. Allgemein.A. Die Apple-Software (einschließlich Boot-ROM-Code), jegliche Drittanbietersoftware, Dokumentation, Benutzeroberﬂächen, Inhalte, Schriften und jegliche zu dieser Lizenz gehörigen Daten („Apple-Originalsoftware“), die ggf. durch von Apple bereitgestellte Funktionserweiterungen, Softwareaktualisierungen, Sicherheitsantworten, Systemdateien oder Systemwiederherstellungssoftware für deinen Computer der Marke Apple oder dein unterstütztes Peripheriegerät aktualisiert oder ersetzt werden („Apple-Softwareänderungen“), unabhängig davon, ob diese auf Apple-Hardware vorinstalliert, auf dem internen Speicher, auf einem austauschbaren Speichermedium, auf einer CD/DVD, einem ROM, einem anderen Speichermedium oder in anderer Form gespeichert sind (Apple-Originalsoftware und Apple-Softwareänderungen werden gemeinsam als „Apple-Software“ bezeichnet), werden dir von Apple Inc. („Apple“) für die Nutzung im Rahmen dieser Lizenz lizenziert, nicht verkauft. Apple und/oder die Lizenzgeber von Apple bleiben Eigentümer der Apple-Software und behalten sich alle Rechte vor, die dir nicht ausdrücklich erteilt werden. Du erklärst dich damit einverstanden, dass die Bestimmungen dieser Lizenz für jegliche Apple-Softwareprodukte gelten, die möglicherweise auf deiner Apple-Hardware vorinstalliert sind, es sei denn, ein solches Produkt umfasst eine separate Lizenz. In diesem Fall erklärst du dich damit einverstanden, dass die Bestimmungen dieser Lizenz für deine Nutzung dieses Produkts gelten.B. Apple kann nach eigenem Ermessen künftige Apple-Softwareänderungen bereitstellen. Apple-Softwareänderungen, sofern vorhanden, enthalten unter Umständen nicht alle vorhandenen Softwarefunktionen oder neuen Funktionen, die Apple für neuere oder andere Modelle von Apple-Computern freigibt. Die Bestimmungen dieser Lizenz gelten für jegliche von Apple bereitgestellten Apple-Softwareänderungen, es sei denn, derartige Apple-Softwareänderungen umfassen eine separate Lizenz. In diesem Fall stimmst du zu, dass die Bestimmungen dieser Lizenz für die Änderungen Gültigkeit haben.C. Das Eigentums- und Urheberrecht an den Inhalten, die über die Apple-Software angezeigt werden bzw. auf die über die Apple-Software zugegriﬀen wird, liegt bei den jeweiligen Eigentümern dieser Inhalte. Solche Inhalte sind möglicherweise durch Urheberrechte oder andere Rechte und Verträge hinsichtlich des geistigen Eigentums geschützt und können den Nutzungsbestimmungen des Dritten unterliegen, der diese Inhalte bereitstellt. Soweit hierin nicht anderweitig festgelegt, gewährt dir diese Lizenz keinerlei Rechte zum Verwenden solcher Inhalte, noch garantiert sie, dass diese Inhalte weiterhin für dich verfügbar sein werden. Es ist dir untersagt, jegliche Bilder, auf die über die App „News“ oder „Karten“ zugegriﬀen wird, als eigenständige Datei weiter zu veröﬀentlichen, zu übertragen oder zu reproduzieren.2. Nutzung und Beschränkungen.A. Einzelbenutzerlizenz für vorinstallierte Apple-Software. Gemäß den Bestimmungen dieser Lizenz, sofern du die Apple-Software nicht im Mac App Store, durch einen automatischen Download oder im Rahmen eines Volumen-Lizenzvertrags, eines Maintenance-Vertrags oder eines anderen schriftlichen Vertrags von Apple gekauft hast, erteilt dir der Lizenzgeber hiermit eine eingeschränkte, einfache Lizenz zum Installieren, Nutzen und Ausführen einer (1) Kopie der Apple-Software auf jeweils einem Apple-Computer. Beispielsweise gilt diese Einzelbenutzerlizenz für dich, wenn du die Apple-Software vorinstalliert auf Apple-Hardware erhalten hast.B. Mac App Store-Lizenz. Wenn du vom Mac App Store oder durch einen automatischen Download eine Lizenz für die Apple-Software erhalten hast, so wird dir gemäß den Bestimmungen dieser Lizenz und wie in den „Regeln für die Nutzung der Dienste und Inhalte“ in den Apple Media Services-Bedingungen (https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/) („Nutzungsregeln“) festgelegt, eine eingeschränkte, nicht übertragbare, einfache Lizenz erteilt:(i) Zum Herunterladen, Installieren, Nutzen und Ausführen einer (1) Kopie der Apple-Software für die persönliche und nichtkommerzielle Nutzung direkt auf jedem Apple-Computer mit macOS Monterey, macOS Big Sur, macOS Catalina, macOS Mojave, macOS High Sierra oder macOS Sierra („Mac-Computer“), dessen Eigentümer du bist oder der deiner Kontrolle unterliegt;(ii) Wenn du ein kommerzielles Unternehmen oder eine Bildungseinrichtung bist, zum Herunterladen, Installieren, Nutzen und Ausführen einer (1) Kopie der Apple-Software durch entweder: (a) eine Einzelperson auf jedem der Mac-Computer, deren Eigentümer du bist oder die deiner Kontrolle unterliegen, oder (b) mehrere Personen auf einem einzigen, gemeinsam verwendeten Mac-Computer, dessen Eigentümer du bist bzw. der deiner Kontrolle unterliegt. Beispielsweise darf ein Angestellter die Apple-Software sowohl auf seinem Mac-Desktop- als auch seinem Mac-Notebookcomputer verwenden, oder mehrere Studierende dürfen nacheinander die Apple-Software auf einem Mac-Computer nutzen, der sich in einem Computerlabor oder in der Bibliothek beﬁndet; und (iii) Zum Installieren, Nutzen und Ausführen von bis zu zwei (2) zusätzlichen Kopien oder Exemplaren der Apple-Software oder jeglicher vorheriger macOS- oder OS X-Betriebssystemsoftware oder einer nachfolgenden Version der Apple-Software innerhalb virtueller Betriebssystemumgebungen auf jedem Apple-Computer, dessen Eigentümer du bist oder der deiner Kontrolle unterliegt, zum Zwecke der: (a) Softwareentwicklung; (b) Durchführung von Tests während der Softwareentwicklung; (c) Nutzung von macOS Server; oder (d) der persönlichen, nicht kommerziellen Nutzung.Sofern nicht ausdrücklich in Absatz 3 erlaubt, gestattet es dir das in Absatz 2B(iii) oben erteilte Recht nicht, die virtualisierten Kopien oder Exemplare der Apple-Software in Verbindung mit Servicebüro-, Timesharing-, Terminalsharing- oder anderen ähnlichen Diensten zu verwenden. Sofern nicht ausdrücklich in diesem Absatz 2B gestattet, ist es dir untersagt, die Apple-Software zu verwenden, um eine Apple-Betriebssystemsoftware, einschließlich iOS, iPadOS, watchOS oder tvOS, in virtuellen Betriebssystemumgebungen auf (einem) Mac-Computer(n) auszuführen.C. Volumen- oder Maintenance-Lizenz. Wenn du die Apple-Software im Rahmen eines Programms für Volumen- oder Maintenance-Lizenzen bei Apple erhalten hast, legen die Bestimmungen deiner Volumen- bzw. Maintenance-Lizenz die Anzahl der Kopien der Apple-Software fest, die du auf Apple-Computern, deren Eigentümer du bist bzw. die deiner Kontrolle unterliegen, herunterladen, installieren, verwenden und ausführen darfst. Soweit nicht schriftlich mit Apple anderweitig vereinbart, gelten alle anderen Bestimmungen dieser Lizenz für deine Nutzung der Apple-Software, die mit einer Volumenlizenz bzw. Maintenance-Lizenz erworben wurde.D. Systemvoraussetzungen; Apple-ID. Bitte beachte, dass die Apple-Software nur auf Apple-Hardware, die die von Apple angegebenen Systemvoraussetzungen erfüllt, unterstützt wird. Ferner können die Nutzung von und der Zugriﬀ auf bestimmte(n) Funktionen der Apple-Software und von bestimmte(n) Dienste(n) (wie in Absatz 6 deﬁniert) erfordern, dass du eine eindeutige Kombination aus Benutzernamen und Passwort beantragst, die als Apple-ID bezeichnet wird.E. Schriften. Gemäß den Bestimmungen dieser Lizenz darfst du die in der Apple-Software enthaltenen Schriften verwenden, um Inhalte anzuzeigen und zu drucken, während die Apple-Software ausgeführt wird. Du bist jedoch nur dann berechtigt, Schriften in Inhalte einzubetten, wenn die zur fraglichen Schrift gehörigen Angaben zur Einbettung dies zulassen. Diese Angaben zur Einbettung von Schriften sind unter „Schriftsammlung“/„Vorschau“/„Schriftinformationen einblenden“ nachzulesen.F . Stimmen; Live-Untertitel. Gemäß den Bedingungen dieser Lizenz bist du berechtigt: (i) die in der Apple-Software enthaltenen Systemstimmen („Systemstimmen“) zu verwenden, (1) während die Apple-Software ausgeführt wird und (2) um eigene Originalinhalte und -projekte für persönliche, nicht kommerzielle Zwecke zu erstellen; und (ii) die von der Apple-Software automatisch in Echtzeit auf dem Gerät generierten Live-Untertitel („Live-Untertitel“), unabhängig davon, ob sie während eines FaceTime-Anrufs oder anderweitig generiert wurden, nur für persönliche, nicht kommerzielle Zwecke zu verwenden. Eine andere Nutzung der Systemstimmen oder Live-Untertitel ist im Rahmen dieser Lizenz nicht zulässig, einschließlich ohne Einschränkung die Nutzung, Reproduktion, Anzeige, Auﬀührung, Aufnahme, Veröﬀentlichung oder Verteilung jeglicher Systemstimmen in einem gewinnorientierten, gemeinnützigen, öﬀentlichen oder kommerziellen Kontext.G. Funktionen der App „Fotos“ und Support. Die App „Fotos“ der Apple-Software (App „Fotos“) bietet möglicherweise keine Unterstützung für einige Video- und Fotoformate. Die Verwendung einiger Funktionen der App „Fotos“ ist abhängig vom Funktionsspektrum deiner Kamera. Die Synchronisierung von Fotos mit der App „Fotos“ und jeglichen Diensten von Apple oder Drittanbietern kann zu Datenverlusten führen. Die in der App „Fotos“ enthaltenen Diashow-Graﬁken, -Musiktitel und -Themen sind ausschließlich für die persönliche, nicht kommerzielle Nutzung in Diashows vorgesehen, die du mit der App „Fotos“ erstellst. Es ist dir nicht gestattet, jegliche Fotograﬁen, Bilder, Graﬁken, Illustrationen, Audio-, Video- oder ähnliche Inhalte („digitale Materialien“), die in der App „Fotos“ enthalten sind oder als Teil der App „Fotos“ bereitgestellt werden, kommerziell oder in anderer Weise separat zu nutzen, zu extrahieren oder zu verteilen oder die digitalen Materialien in anderer Weise außerhalb ihrer beabsichtigten Bestimmung als Teil der App „Fotos“ zu verwenden.H. Inhalt-Caching-Funktionen.1.  Soweit Apple und/oder seine Partner bestimmte Software und/oder Inhalte zum Caching zur Verfügung stellen (z. B. anwendbare Inhalte aus dem Mac App Store) („ausgewählte Apple-Inhalte“), können bestimmte Funktionen der Apple-Software (die „Inhalt-Caching-Funktionen“) solche ausgewählten Apple-Inhalte automatisch auf deinem Apple-Computer, auf dem die Apple-Software ausgeführt wird, herunterladen und lokal zwischenspeichern (im Sinne dieses Absatzes wird ein solcher Apple-Computer als „Caching-fähiger Mac“ bezeichnet). Indem du die Inhalt-Caching-Funktionen der Apple-Software verwendest, erklärst du dein Einverständnis damit, dass Apple solche ausgewählten Apple-Inhalte auf deinem Caching-fähigen Mac herunterladen und zwischenspeichern darf. Du kannst die Inhalt-Caching-Funktionen der Apple-Software jederzeit in der Systemeinstellung „Freigaben“ deaktivieren.2.  Die Caching-Server-Funktionen der Apple-Software sind für die ausschließliche Nutzung auf einem Caching-fähigen Mac vorgesehen, dessen Eigentümer du bist bzw. der deiner Kontrolle unterliegt, und nur um die Bereitstellung solcher ausgewählten Apple-Inhalte für autorisierte Endbenutzer innerhalb deines Zuhauses, deines Unternehmens oder deiner Organisation zu beschleunigen. Es ist dir bekannt, dass solche Benutzer sich möglicherweise vor Erhalt der ausgewählten Apple-Inhalte separat bei Apple authentiﬁzieren müssen und dass die beschleunigte Bereitstellung von ausgewählten Apple-Inhalten durch die Verwendung deines Caching-fähigen Mac nicht die Bestimmungen ändert, unter denen du oder deine Endbenutzer solche ausgewählten Apple-Inhalte erhalten. 3.  Du erklärst dein Einverständnis damit, dass die gesamte Nutzung der ausgewählten Apple-Inhalte den anwendbaren Lizenzbestimmungen unterliegt, die die Art der ausgewählten Apple-Inhalte bestimmen, die zwischengespeichert werden. Diese Bestimmungen umfassen möglicherweise ohne Einschränkung die Apple Media Services-Bedingungen, die iCloud-Bedingungen, den Vertrag für iTunes U Lehrer (iTunes U Instructor Agreement), den iTunes U-Softwarelizenzvertrag und/oder anwendbare Lizenzbestimmungen, die der geladenen Software beigefügt sind, es sei denn, der geladenen Software ist ein eigener, separater Lizenzvertrag beigefügt; in diesem Fall hat der Letztere Gültigkeit. Eine Liste der Apple-Softwarelizenzen (SLAs) ist hier verfügbar: https://www.apple.com/legal/sla/. Du erklärst dein Einverständnis damit, dass die Nutzung der Inhalt-Caching-Funktionen und die Speicherung von ausgewählten Apple-Inhalten auf deinem Caching-fähigen Mac keinerlei Rechte an dich überträgt, die über die Rechte hinausgehen, die dir in den anwendbaren Lizenzbestimmungen für die ausgewählten Apple-Inhalte gewährt werden, und keine Gewährung, keinen Verzicht auf und keine sonstige Beschränkung jegliche(r) Rechte(n) von Apple oder anderen Inhabern der Urheberrechte an ausgewählten Apple-Inhalten jeglicher Art darstellt.4.  Du bist nicht berechtigt, deinen Caching-fähigen Mac mit aktivierten Inhalt-Caching-Funktion in einem Netzwerk zu implementieren, das nicht dein Eigentum ist bzw. nicht deiner Kontrolle unterliegt (oder zu dessen Nutzung für solche Zwecke du nicht bevollmächtigt bist), oder den Zugriﬀ auf solche ausgewählten Apple-Inhalte durch Endbenutzer außerhalb deines Zuhauses, deines Unternehmens oder deiner Organisation zu gestatten. Du erklärst dich damit einverstanden, die Inhalt-Caching-Funktionen nur für deine eigene persönliche, nicht kommerzielle Nutzung oder für die interne Nutzung innerhalb deines Unternehmens oder deiner Organisation zu verwenden und nur wie hierin ausdrücklich gestattet. Es ist dir untersagt, Dritten einen Dienst anzubieten, der in irgendeiner Weise mit Diensten oder Informationen, die von den Inhalt-Caching-Funktionen bereitgestellt werden oder die die Inhalt-Caching-Funktionen verwenden, integriert ist oder diese nutzt.5.  Indem du die Inhalt-Caching-Funktionen der Apple-Software aktivierst, erklärst du dein Einverständnis damit, dass Apple die ausgewählten Apple-Inhalte auf deinem Caching-fähigen Mac archivieren, überwachen und schützen sowie technische Informationen über deinen Caching-fähigen Mac und zugehörige Netzwerke für solche Zwecke sammeln und nutzen darf, einschließlich ohne Einschränkung Hardware-IDs und IP-Adressen. Du verpﬂichtest dich, die Überprüfungs-, Speicherungs- oder Authentiﬁzierungsmechanismen, digitalen Signaturen, Verwaltung digitaler Rechte oder andere Sicherheitsmechanismen von Apple, die in oder durch die Apple-Software, Apple-Dienste, ausgewählte Apple-Inhalte oder andere Apple-Software oder Apple-Technologie implementiert werden, nicht zu deaktivieren, zu unterbrechen, in diese einzudringen („Hacking“), sie zu umgehen oder in sonstiger Weise zu beeinträchtigen und es auch Dritten nicht zu ermöglichen, dies zu tun. 6.  Apple behält sich das Recht vor, die Bereitstellung von ausgewählten Apple-Inhalten, die für das Caching auf deinem Caching-fähigen Mac verfügbar sind (z. B. sind einige Inhalte, die du zuvor zwischengespeichert hast, möglicherweise nicht für ein nachfolgendes Caching verfügbar), nach eigenem Ermessen einzustellen und ausgewählte Apple-Inhalte, die dort zwischengespeichert wurden, jederzeit von deinen Caching-fähigen Mac zu entfernen; in einem solchen Fall ist Apple dir gegenüber nicht haftbar. Es ist dir bekannt, dass ein solches Caching von ausgewählten Apple-Inhalten möglicherweise nicht in allen Ländern oder Regionen verfügbar ist. Du hast das Recht, jederzeit die zwischengespeicherten ausgewählten Apple-Inhalte zu entfernen und die Inhalt-Caching-Funktionen zu deaktivieren.I. Remote Desktop-Verbindungen. Gemäß den Bestimmungen dieser Lizenz gilt beim Herstellen einer Fernverbindung von einem anderen Computer oder elektronischen Gerät (jeweils ein „Gerät“) zu einem Apple-Computer, auf dem die Apple-Software ausgeführt wird (im Sinne dieses Absatzes wird ein solcher Apple-Computer als „Privater Mac“ bezeichnet), gleich, ob durch Bildschirmfreigabe oder eine andere Methode, Folgendes:(i) nur jeweils ein (1) Gerät erhält Fernzugriﬀ, gleich ob direkt oder indirekt, zum Steuern der graﬁschen Desktopsitzung der Apple-Software, die auf dem Privaten Mac ausgeführt und angezeigt wird; und(ii) eine angemessene Anzahl von Geräten kann gleichzeitig Fernzugriﬀ zum Zwecke des Beobachtens derselben graﬁschen Desktopsitzung der Apple-Software erhalten, die auf dem Privaten Mac ausgeführt und angezeigt wird, sofern sie nicht die Apple-Software in irgendeiner Weise steuern; aber(iii) nur ein (1) Apple-Gerät erhält jeweils Fernzugriﬀ, ob direkt oder indirekt, zum Steuern einer separaten graﬁschen Desktopsitzung der Apple-Software, die sich von der auf dem Privaten Mac ausgeführten und angezeigten unterscheidet, und eine derartige Verbindung kann nur über die Funktion „Bildschirmfreigabe“ der Apple-Software erfolgen.Sofern nicht ausdrücklich in Absatz 2I oder Absatz 3 gestattet oder sofern nicht anderweitig durch Apple lizenziert, erklärst du dein Einverständnis damit, die Apple-Software oder jegliche ihrer Funktionen nicht in Verbindung mit Servicebüro-, Timesharing-, Terminalsharing- oder ähnlichen Diensten zu verwenden, gleich ob solche Dienste innerhalb deines eigenen Unternehmens oder für Dritte bereitgestellt werden.J. Sonstige Nutzungsbeschränkungen. Die in dieser Lizenz gewährten Rechte gestatten es dir nicht und du verpﬂichtest dich, es zu unterlassen, die Apple-Software auf jeglichen nicht von Apple stammenden Computern zu installieren, zu verwenden oder auszuführen oder Dritten dies zu ermöglichen. Du verpﬂichtest dich, es zu unterlassen, jegliche Schutzrechtshinweise (einschließlich Marken- und Urheberrechtshinweisen), die möglicherweise innerhalb der Apple-Software hinzugefügt oder enthalten sind, zu entfernen, zu verdecken oder zu ändern. Sofern nicht anderweitig durch die Bestimmungen dieser Lizenz gestattet oder anderweitig durch Apple lizenziert: (i) darf nur jeweils ein Benutzer die Apple-Software verwenden und (ii) ist es dir untersagt, die Apple-Software über ein Netzwerk bereitzustellen, in dem sie von mehr als einem Computer gleichzeitig ausgeführt oder verwendet werden kann. Sofern nicht ausdrücklich in Absatz 3 erlaubt, ist es dir nicht gestattet, die Apple-Software zu vermieten, zu verleasen, zu verleihen, zu verkaufen, neu zu verteilen oder Unterlizenzen für die Apple-Software zu vergeben.K. Sicherungskopie. Du bist berechtigt, eine maschinenlesbare Kopie der Apple-Software (mit Ausnahme des Boot-ROM-Codes und anderer Apple-Firmware, die in der Apple-Hardware eingebettet oder anderweitig integriert ist) für Sicherungszwecke zu erstellen. Du bist verpﬂichtet, auf jeder Kopie der Apple-Software die Urheber- und sonstigen Schutzrechtshinweise aufzunehmen, die auf dem Original enthalten waren. Apple-Boot-ROM-Code und -Firmware wird nur für die Nutzung auf Apple-Hardware bereitgestellt. Es ist dir nicht gestattet, Apple-Boot-ROM-Code oder -Firmware vollständig oder teilweise zu kopieren, zu modiﬁzieren oder erneut zu verteilen.L. Migration vorhandener Software. Wenn du den System-/Migrationsassistenten verwendest, um Software von einem Apple-Computer auf einen anderen Apple-Computer zu übertragen, denke bitte daran, dass die fortlaufende Verwendung der Originalkopie der Software möglicherweise untersagt ist, sobald eine Kopie auf einen anderen Computer übertragen worden ist, es sei denn, du verfügst bereits auf beiden Computern über eine lizenzierte Kopie dieser Software. In den zugehörigen Softwarelizenzverträgen kannst du die geltenden Bestimmungen nachlesen. Software und Dienste von Drittanbietern sind möglicherweise nicht mit dieser Apple-Software kompatibel und die Installation dieser Apple-Software kann unter Umständen die Verfügbarkeit oder Verwendbarkeit solcher Drittanbietersoftware oder -dienste beeinträchtigen.M. Open Source. Bestimmte Komponenten der Apple-Software sowie Open-Source-Programme von Drittanbietern, die zum Lieferumfang der Apple-Software gehören, wurden oder werden von Apple auf seiner Open-Source-Website (https://www.opensource.apple.com/) (gemeinsam als „Open-Source-Komponenten“ bezeichnet) bereitgestellt. Du bist berechtigt, nur diese Open-Source-Komponenten zu ändern oder zu ersetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass (i) die resultierende modiﬁzierte Apple-Software anstelle der nicht modiﬁzierten Apple-Software auf Apple-Computern verwendet wird, deren Eigentümer du bist oder die deiner Kontrolle unterliegen, vorausgesetzt, auf jedem dieser Apple-Computer beﬁndet sich eine ordnungsgemäß lizenzierte Kopie der Apple-Software, und (ii) du die Bestimmungen dieser Lizenz sowie jegliche für die Verwendung der Open-Source-Komponenten geltenden Lizenzbestimmungen erfüllst. Es besteht keine Verpﬂichtung seitens Apple, Aktualisierungsarbeiten, Wartungsarbeiten, eine Gewähr, technische oder sonstige Unterstützung oder Dienste für die resultierende modiﬁzierte Apple-Software zu leisten. Du erklärst dich ausdrücklich damit einverstanden, dass im Falle eines aus der Änderung der Open-Source-Komponenten der Apple-Software resultierenden Ausfalls oder Schadens der Apple-Hardware dieser Ausfall oder Schaden von den Bestimmungen der Apple-Hardwaregarantie ausgeschlossen wird.N. Kein Zurückentwickeln. Du verpﬂichtest dich, es zu unterlassen und es anderen nicht zu gestatten, die Apple-Software oder jegliche von der Apple-Software bereitgestellten Dienste oder Teile davon zu kopieren (sofern dies nicht ausdrücklich im Rahmen dieses Lizenzvertrags oder der Nutzungsbestimmungen, sofern diese für dich gelten, gestattet ist), zu dekompilieren, zurückzuentwickeln, zu disassemblieren, Versuche zur Ableitung des Quellcodes zu unternehmen, den Quellcode zu entschlüsseln, zu modiﬁzieren oder abgeleitete Werke der Apple-Software oder jeglicher von der Apple-Software bereitgestellter Dienste oder Teilen davon zu erstellen (sofern dies nicht und nur in dem Ausmaß, in dem jegliche vorgenannte Beschränkung durch gesetzliche Vorschriften untersagt ist oder durch die Lizenzbestimmungen, die die Nutzung der in der Apple-Software möglicherweise enthaltenen Open-Source-Komponenten regeln, gestattet ist).O. Einhaltung von Gesetzen. Du erklärst dich damit einverstanden, die Apple-Software und -Dienste (wie in Absatz 6 unten deﬁniert) in Übereinstimmung mit allen anwendbaren Gesetzen zu verwenden, einschließlich lokale Gesetze des Landes oder der Region, in dem bzw. der du wohnhaft bist oder in dem bzw. der du die Apple-Software und -Dienste lädst oder verwendest. Funktionen der Apple-Software und -Dienste sind möglicherweise nicht in allen Sprachen oder Regionen verfügbar und einige Funktionen können je nach Region unterschiedlich sein. Für einige Funktionen der Apple-Software und -Dienste ist eine Internetverbindung erforderlich.P . Software von Drittanbietern. Apple hat dir aus Gefälligkeit als Teil des Apple-Softwarepakets Zugriﬀ auf bestimmte Software und Dienste von Drittanbietern bereitgestellt und kann diesen Zugriﬀ als Upgrade, Aktualisierung oder Ergänzung der Apple-Software bereitstellen. In dem Maße, in dem die Apple-Software solche Drittanbietersoftware oder -dienste enthält oder Zugriﬀ darauf bereitstellt, besteht für Apple keine ausdrückliche oder implizierte Verpﬂichtung, technischen oder sonstigen Support für solche Software oder Dienste bereitzustellen. Wende dich bitte direkt an den entsprechenden Softwareanbieter, Softwarehersteller oder Dienstanbieter, um technischen Support und Kundendienst für seine Software, Dienste und/oder Produkte zu erhalten.Q. Apple-Softwareänderungen. Die Apple-Software prüft regelmäßig, ob Apple Apple-Softwareänderungen bereitstellt. Wenn eine Änderung verfügbar ist, wird diese möglicherweise automatisch geladen und auf deinem Computer und, sofern zutreﬀend, auf deinen Peripheriegeräten installiert. Indem du die Apple-Software verwendest, erklärst du dein Einverständnis damit, dass Apple automatische Apple-Softwareänderungen auf deinem Gerät und deinen Peripheriegeräten laden und installieren darf. Du kannst die automatischen Betriebssystem-Aktualisierungen jederzeit deaktivieren, indem du die entsprechenden Einstellungen unter „Systemeinstellungen“ > „Softwareupdate“ > „Erweitert“ anpasst.R. Systemzeichen. Gemäß den Bestimmungen dieser Lizenz bist du berechtigt, die in der Apple-Software enthaltenen oder mit der Apple-Software erstellten Memoji-Zeichen („Systemzeichen“) zu verwenden, (i) während die Apple-Software ausgeführt wird und (ii) um eigene Originalinhalte und -projekte für persönliche, nicht kommerzielle Zwecke zu erstellen. Eine andere Nutzung der Systemzeichen ist im Rahmen dieser Lizenz nicht zulässig, einschließlich ohne Einschränkung die Nutzung, Reproduktion, Anzeige, Auﬀührung, Aufnahme, Veröﬀentlichung oder Verteilung jeglicher Systemzeichen in einem gewinnorientierten, gemeinnützigen, öﬀentlichen oder kommerziellen Kontext.3. Leasing für zugelassene Entwicklerdienste.A. Leasing. Du bist berechtigt, eine gültig lizenzierte Version der Apple-Software in ihrer Gesamtheit an eine Person oder Organisation (jeweils einen „Leasingnehmer“) zu verleasen oder weiterzuverleasen (Subleasing), sofern alle folgenden Bedingungen erfüllt sind: (i) die geleaste Apple-Software darf nur zum Zweck der Bereitstellung von zugelassenen Entwicklerdiensten (Permitted Developer Services) verwendet werden, und jeder Leasingnehmer muss die Bedingungen dieser Lizenz prüfen und sich damit einverstanden erklären;(ii) jede Leasingdauer muss mindestens vierundzwanzig (24) aufeinanderfolgende Stunden betragen; (iii) während der Leasingdauer muss der Endbenutzer die einzige und ausschließliche Nutzung und Kontrolle über die Apple-Software und die Apple-Hardware, auf der sie installiert ist, haben; hierbei gilt die Ausnahme, dass du als die Vertragspartei, die die Apple-Software verleast („Leasinggeber“), administrative Unterstützung für die Apple-Software bereitstellen kannst; und (iv) vor der Verwendung der Apple-Software muss der Endbenutzer-Lizenznehmer die Bedingungen, die für jegliche auf der Apple-Software vorinstallierte Software gelten, prüfen und ihnen zustimmen, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf die Xcode-Entwicklersoftware von Apple und jegliche andere Software von Apple oder Drittanbietern.Für die Zwecke dieses Absatzes 3: (A) Ein Endbenutzer-Lizenznehmer ist ein Lizenznehmer, der der Endnutzer ist, der die geleaste Apple-Software letztlich ausschließlich für zugelassene Entwicklerdienste nutzt; und (B) zugelassene Entwicklerdienste steht für kontinuierliche Integrationsdienste, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf die Softwareentwicklung, das Erstellen von Software aus der Quelle, automatisierte Tests während der Softwareentwicklung und das Ausführen erforderlicher Entwicklertools zwecks Unterstützung derartiger Aktivitäten. Vor dem Leasing oder Subleasing der Apple-Software muss jeder Lizenzgeber gemäß diesem Absatz 3 eine vorherige Mitteilung an Apple senden und dazu die Apple Developer Relations kontaktieren (https://developer.apple.com/contact/macos-license/).B. Subleasing. Ein Lizenznehmer darf die Apple-Software gemäß diesem Absatz 3 weiterverleasen, vorausgesetzt, dieser Lizenznehmer hält alle Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes 3 ein. Ein Leasingnehmer, der die Apple-Software weiterverleast (der gemäß diesem Absatz 3 auch als Leasinggeber gilt), muss die ausschließliche Nutzung und Kontrolle über die Apple-Software und die Apple-Hardware, auf der die Apple-Software installiert ist, während der Leasingdauer seinem Leasingnehmer überlassen.C. Durchsetzung. Als Leasinggeber bist du verantwortlich dafür: (i) sicherzustellen, dass jeder Leasingnehmer die Bedingungen dieses Absatzes 3 erfüllt; (ii) sicherzustellen, dass jeder Leasingnehmer sich damit einverstanden erklärt, alle anwendbaren Lizenzbestimmungen zu erfüllen; und (iii) Apple dabei zu unterstützen, die Einhaltung dieser Bestimmungen durchzusetzen. Wenn ein Leasingnehmer gegen diese Lizenz oder andere anwendbare Apple-Lizenzbestimmungen verstößt, enden seine Rechte zur Nutzung der Apple-Software automatisch, und du erklärst dich damit einverstanden, die Nutzung der Apple-Software durch den Lizenznehmer sofort zu beenden, sobald du einen solchen Verstoß feststellst oder von Apple auf einen solchen Verstoß schriftlich hingewiesen wurdest. D. Virtualisierung. Für jede Kopie der Apple-Software, die gemäß diesem Absatz 3 einem Leasing unterliegt, kann entweder ein Leasinggeber oder ein Leasingnehmer (aber nicht beide) zusätzliche Kopien oder Instanzen der Apple-Software in virtuellen Betriebssystemumgebungen gemäß Absatz 2B(iii) installieren, verwenden und ausführen, sofern ein Leasinggeber nur eine einzelne Instanz oder Kopie der Apple-Software als Bereitstellungstool virtualisieren darf, um dem Leasingnehmer den Zugriﬀ auf die und Nutzung der Apple-Software gemäß diesem Absatz 3 bereitzustellen. E. Systemkonﬁguration. Wenn du Leasingnehmer bist, erkennst du an, dass die Apple-Software möglicherweise zuvor von dem Leasinggeber, der die Apple-Software an dich verleast, konﬁguriert wurde, einschließlich Auswahl der Einstellungen für die Analyse, Ortungsdienste und andere Sicherheits-, Datenschutz- und Datenerfassungsfunktionen. Du bestätigst und erklärst dich damit einverstanden, dass Apple für die Konﬁguration der Apple-Software durch den Leasinggeber nicht verantwortlich ist.4. Übertragung.A. Wenn du die Apple-Software vorinstalliert auf Apple-Hardware erhalten hast oder wenn du vom Mac App Store oder durch eine Softwareaktualisierung eine Lizenz für die Apple-Software erhalten hast, bist du berechtigt, eine einmalige, permanente Übertragung all deiner Lizenzrechte an der Apple-Software (in der von Apple bereitgestellten Originalform) an einen Dritten vorzunehmen, vorausgesetzt: (i) die Apple-Software wird zusammen mit deiner Apple-Hardware übertragen, (ii) die Übertragung umfasst die komplette Apple-Software, einschließlich aller Komponenten und dieses Lizenzvertrags; (iii) du behältst keine Kopie der Apple-Software oder von Teilen der Apple-Software, einschließlich der Kopien, die sich auf einem Computer oder einem anderen Massenspeichergerät beﬁnden; und (iv) die Partei, die die Apple-Software erhält, liest die Bestimmungen dieses Lizenzvertrags und stimmt zu, diese zu akzeptieren. Zum Zwecke dieser Lizenz, wenn Apple eine Aktualisierung (z. B. Version 10.14 bis 10.14.1) der Apple-Software bereitstellt, gilt diese Aktualisierung als Teil der Apple-Software und darf nicht separat von der Vor-Aktualisierungsversion der Apple-Software übertragen werden.B. Es ist dir nicht gestattet, Apple-Software, die gemäß Absatz 2M oben modiﬁziert oder ersetzt wurde, zu übertragen. Alle Komponenten der Apple-Software werden als Teil eines Pakets bereitgestellt und dürfen nicht von diesem Paket getrennt und als eigenständige Programme verteilt werden. Bitte beachte, dass Apple-Software, die mit einem bestimmten Apple-Hardwareprodukt geliefert wird, möglicherweise nicht auf anderen Modellen der Apple-Hardware ausgeführt werden kann.C. Jede Kopie der Apple-Software, die Apple möglicherweise für Werbe-, Bewertungs-, Diagnose-, oder Wiederherstellungszwecke bereitstellt, darf nur für solche Zwecke verwendet werden. Der Wiederverkauf oder die Übertragung dieser Software ist nicht zulässig.5. Einwilligung zur Verwendung von Daten. Wenn du die verschiedenen Kommunikationsfunktionen der Apple-Software, etwa iMessage und FaceTime, mit deinem Computer verwendest, werden die Apple-ID-Informationen, die du bereitstellst, deine E-Mail-Adresse(n), bestimmte eindeutige Kennungen für deinen Computer und die Telefonnummer deines iPhone an Apple gesendet, damit andere dich erreichen können. Wenn du iMessage verwendest, kann Apple deine Nachrichten in verschlüsselter Form für einen befristeten Zeitraum aufbewahren, um deren Zustellung sicherzustellen. Du kannst FaceTime oder iMessage deaktivieren, indem du zu den Einstellungen der Apps „FaceTime“ und „Nachrichten“ auf deinem Mac navigierst. Bestimmte Features, z. B. die App „Analyse“, Ortungsdienste, Siri, Diktierfunktion und Spotlight, erfordern möglicherweise Informationen von deinem Computer, um ihre jeweiligen Funktionen bereitstellen zu können. Wenn du diese Features aktivierst oder verwendest, werden Details dazu bereitgestellt, welche Informationen an Apple gesendet werden und wie diese Informationen verwendet werden können. Weitere Informationen erhältst du auf der Website https://www.apple.com/privacy/. Deine Informationen werden jederzeit gemäß der Apple-Datenschutzrichtlinie behandelt, die unter folgender Adresse verfügbar ist: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/.6. Dienste und Materialien von Drittanbietern.A. Allgemeines. Die Apple-Software gewährt möglicherweise Zugang zu(m) iTunes Store, Mac App Store, Apple Books, Game Center, iCloud, Karten, News und anderen Diensten und Websites von Apple und Drittanbietern (gemeinsam und einzeln als „Dienste“ bezeichnet). Die Nutzung dieser Dienste erfordert Internetzugriﬀ und die Nutzung bestimmter Dienste erfordert möglicherweise eine Apple-ID, setzt möglicherweise dein Einverständnis mit zusätzlichen Servicebedingungen voraus und unterliegt unter Umständen zusätzlichen Gebühren. Indem du diese Software zusammen mit einer Apple-ID oder anderen Apple-Diensten verwendest, erklärst du dein Einverständnis mit den anwendbaren Servicebedingungen für diesen Dienst, z. B. den neuesten Apple Media Services-Bedingungen für das Land oder die Region, in dem bzw. der du auf diese Services zugreifst, die du über die Website https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/ anzeigen und nachlesen kannst.B. Wenn du dich für iCloud anmeldest, ist es möglich, direkt mit der Apple-Software auf bestimmte iCloud-Funktionen wie „iCloud Drive“, „Mein Fotostream“, „Geteilte Alben“ und „Wo ist?“ zuzugreifen. Du erklärst dein Einverständnis damit, dass deine Nutzung von iCloud und diesen Funktionen den neuesten Bedingungen des iCloud-Diensts unterliegt, die du hier nachlesen kannst: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/icloud/.C. Inhalte der App „News“. Die Nutzung der Inhalte, zu denen die App „News“ Zugang gewährt, ist ausschließlich auf die persönliche, nicht kommerzielle Nutzung beschränkt, überträgt keine Eigentumsrechte an den Inhalten auf dich und schließt insbesondere ohne Einschränkung jegliche kommerziellen oder werberelevanten Nutzungsrechte an solchen Inhalten aus. D. Karten. Der Kartendienst und die Kartenfunktionen der Apple-Software („Karten“), einschließlich der Kartendatenabdeckung, können je nach Region variieren. Wenn du die App „Karten“ aktivierst oder verwendest, werden Details dazu bereitgestellt, welche Informationen an Apple gesendet werden und wie diese Informationen verwendet werden können. Du erklärst dein Einverständnis damit, dass deine Nutzung von „Karten“ den neuesten Bedingungen des Karten-Diensts unterliegt, die du in der Seitenleiste des Programms „Karten“ nachlesen kannst.E. Dir ist bekannt, dass du bei der Nutzung der einzelnen Dienste möglicherweise mit Inhalten konfrontiert wirst, die als beleidigend, vulgär oder unmoralisch angesehen werden können, wobei gegebenenfalls darauf hingewiesen werden kann, dass die Inhalte anstößige Sprache enthalten. Es ist dir ferner bekannt, dass durch die Eingabe von Suchbegriﬀen oder einer bestimmten URL-Adresse automatisch und unabsichtlich Verknüpfungen (Links) zu oder Verweise auf diese zu beanstandenden Materialien hergestellt werden können. Du erklärst dich damit einverstanden, diese Dienste auf eigene Verantwortung zu nutzen und dass Apple, seine Partner, Vertreter, leitenden Angestellten oder Lizenzgeber dir gegenüber nicht für Inhalte haften, die als beleidigend, vulgär oder unmoralisch angesehen werden können.F . Bestimmte Dienste können Inhalte, Daten, Informationen, Programme oder Materialien von Drittanbietern („Drittanbietermaterialien”) anzeigen, enthalten oder zur Verfügung stellen oder Links zu bestimmten Websites von Drittanbietern bereitstellen. Indem du diese Dienste verwendest, bestätigst du und erklärst dich ausdrücklich damit einverstanden, dass Apple nicht verantwortlich ist für die Prüfung oder Bewertung der Inhalte, Genauigkeit, Vollständigkeit, Aktualität, Gültigkeit, Urheberrechtskonformität, Legalität, Integrität, Qualität oder sonstiger Aspekte solcher Materialien oder Websites von Drittanbietern. Apple, seine Mitarbeiter, Partner- oder Tochtergesellschaften gewähren oder bestätigen und übernehmen und tragen keinerlei Haftung oder Verantwortung dir oder Dritten gegenüber für jegliche Drittanbieterdienste, Drittanbietermaterialien oder -websites oder für sonstige Materialien, Produkte oder Dienste von Drittanbietern. Drittanbietermaterialien und Links zu anderen Websites werden dir nur aus Gefälligkeit bereitgestellt.G. Weder Apple noch seine Anbieter von Inhalten übernehmen eine Gewähr für die Verfügbarkeit, Genauigkeit, Vollständigkeit, Zuverlässigkeit oder Aktualität von Aktieninformationen, Ortungsdaten, Gesundheitsdaten oder anderen Daten oder Informationen, die mit jeglichen Diensten angezeigt werden. Finanzspeziﬁsche Informationen, die mit jeglichen Diensten angezeigt werden, dienen lediglich allgemeinen Informationszwecken und sollten nicht als verlässliche Grundlage für Investitionen genutzt werden. Vor dem Abschluss von Wertpapiergeschäften, die auf mit den Diensten angezeigten Informationen basieren, solltest du einen Finanzberater oder Experten für Wertpapiere konsultieren, der in deinem Land oder deiner Region rechtmäßig zur Finanz- oder Wertpapierberatung qualiﬁziert ist. Ortungsdaten, die von jeglichen Diensten bereitgestellt werden, einschließlich vom Apple-Dienst „Karten“, werden ausschließlich zu einfachen Navigations- und/oder Planungszwecken bereitgestellt und sind nicht dafür vorgesehen, in Situationen, in denen präzise Ortungsinformationen benötigt werden oder in denen falsche, ungenaue, zeitverzögerte oder unvollständige Ortsdaten zu Todesfällen, Körperverletzungen oder Sach- und Umweltschäden führen können, als verlässliche Angaben genutzt zu werden. Du akzeptierst, dass die Ergebnisse, die du vom Dienst „Karten“ empfängst, möglicherweise von den tatsächlichen Straßen- oder Geländeverhältnissen abweichen aufgrund von Faktoren, die die Genauigkeit der Kartendaten beeinträchtigen können, einschließlich ohne Einschränkung Wetter-, Straßen- und Verkehrsverhältnissen sowie geopolitischer Ereignisse. Aus Sicherheitsgründen solltest du immer die aufgestellten Verkehrszeichen und die aktuellen Straßenverhältnisse beachten. Halte die Praktiken für sicheres Fahren und die Straßenverkehrsordnung ein und beachte, dass Fahrrad- und Gehwege bei den ausgewiesenen Strecken möglicherweise nicht berücksichtigt werden.H. Soweit du durch Nutzung der Dienste Inhalte hochlädst, erklärst du, dass du Inhaber aller Rechte an solchen Inhalten bist oder dass du über die Berechtigung verfügst oder anderweitig durch Gesetze autorisiert bist, diese Inhalte hochzuladen, und dass diese Inhalte nicht gegen Servicebedingungen verstoßen, die für die Dienste anwendbar sind. Du erkennst hiermit an, dass die Dienste proprietäre Inhalte, Informationen und Materialien enthalten, deren Eigentümer Apple, der Inhaber der Website oder dessen/deren Lizenzgeber ist/sind, und die durch anwendbare Gesetze zum Schutz des geistigen Eigentums oder durch sonstige Gesetze, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf das Urheberrecht, geschützt sind. Du verpﬂichtest dich, diese proprietären Inhalte, Informationen oder Materialien nicht zu anderen Zwecken als zur zulässigen Nutzung der Dienste oder nicht auf eine Weise zu verwenden, die die Bestimmungen dieser Lizenz verletzt oder die gegen die Urheberrechte von Drittanbietern oder von Apple verstößt. Die Dienste oder Teile davon dürfen, gleich in welcher Form oder Weise, nicht vervielfältigt werden. Du verpﬂichtest dich, es zu unterlassen, die Dienste in jeglicher Weise zu modiﬁzieren, zu vermieten, zu verleasen, zu verleihen, zu verkaufen, zu verteilen oder abgeleitete Werke der Dienste zu erstellen. Ferner verpﬂichtest du dich, diese Dienste nicht zu missbrauchen, einschließlich insbesondere durch Nutzung der Dienste für die Übertragung von Computerviren, Würmern, trojanischen Pferden oder anderer Malware oder durch das Eindringen in Netzwerke oder die Belastung von Netzwerkkapazität. Du erklärst dich damit einverstanden, die Dienste nicht zu verwenden, um die Rechte Dritter zu beeinträchtigen, zu missbrauchen, zu stören, zu bedrohen, zu diﬀamieren oder anderweitig zu verletzen oder gegen sie zu verstoßen. Apple übernimmt die Verantwortung weder für eine solche Nutzung deinerseits noch für jegliche beeinträchtigenden, bedrohenden, diﬀamierenden, verletzenden, verstoßenden oder widerrechtlichen Nachrichten oder Übertragungen, die du möglicherweise infolge der Nutzung der Dienste erhältst.I. Darüber hinaus sind solche Dienste und Materialien von Drittanbietern möglicherweise nicht in allen Sprachen bzw. allen Ländern oder Regionen verfügbar. Apple übernimmt keine Gewähr dafür, dass solche Dienste und Drittanbietermaterialien geeignet oder verfügbar sind für die Nutzung an einem bestimmten Ort. Für den Fall, dass du dich entscheidest, solche Dienste oder Drittanbietermaterialien zu verwenden oder darauf zuzugreifen, erfolgt dies auf deine eigene Initiative und du trägst die Verantwortung für die Einhaltung jeglicher anwendbarer Gesetze, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf anwendbare lokale Gesetze und Gesetze zu Datenschutz und Datensammlung. Apple und seine Lizenzgeber behalten sich das Recht vor, sämtliche Dienste jederzeit ohne Vorankündigung zu ändern, vorübergehend einzustellen, zu entfernen oder den Zugang zu bestimmten Diensten zu deaktivieren. Apple übernimmt in keinem Fall die Haftung für das Einstellen jeglicher Dienste oder die Deaktivierung des Zugangs zu solchen Diensten. Apple ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne vorherige Mitteilung sowie unter Ausschluss der Haftung die Nutzung von oder den Zugang zu bestimmten Diensten zu beschränken.7. Laufzeit. Dieser Lizenzvertrag hat bis zu seiner Beendigung Gültigkeit. Deine Rechte im Rahmen dieses Lizenzvertrags enden automatisch ohne Mitteilung seitens Apple oder verlieren ihre Gültigkeit, wenn du gegen eine oder mehrere Bestimmungen dieses Lizenzvertrags verstößt. Bei Beendigung dieses Lizenzvertrags bist du verpﬂichtet, die Nutzung der Apple-Software einzustellen und alle in deinem Besitz beﬁndlichen Kopien der Apple-Software oder von Teilen derselben zu vernichten. Die Absätze 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13 und 14 dieser Lizenz behalten über die Beendigung dieses Vertrags hinaus Gültigkeit.8. Gewährleistungsverzicht.A. Wenn du ein Kunde bist, der die Apple-Software für private Zwecke verwendet (Verbraucher, der die Apple-Software außerhalb seiner Branche, seines Unternehmens oder seines Berufs einsetzt), hast du möglicherweise in dem Land, in dem du wohnhaft bist, gesetzmäßige Rechte, die verhindern, dass die folgenden Einschränkungen für dich gelten, und im Falle einer solchen Verhinderung haben sie für dich keine Gültigkeit. Wenn du mehr über deine Rechte erfahren möchtest, wende dich bitte an eine lokale Beratungsstelle für Verbraucher:innen.B. DU BESTÄTIGST UND ERKLÄRST DICH AUSDRÜCKLICH DAMIT EINVERSTANDEN, DASS BIS ZU DEM DURCH GELTENDE GESETZE ZULÄSSIGEN AUSMASS DIE VERWENDUNG DER APPLE-SOFTWARE UND JEGLICHER DIENSTE, DIE VON DER APPLE-SOFTWARE AUSGEFÜHRT WERDEN ODER AUF DIE MIT DER APPLE-SOFTWARE ZUGEGRIFFEN WIRD, AUF DEIN EIGENES RISIKO ERFOLGT UND DASS DU DAS GESAMTE RISIKO IM HINBLICK AUF ZUFRIEDENSTELLENDE QUALITÄT, LEISTUNG, GENAUIGKEIT UND AUFWAND TRÄGST.C. VORBEHALTLICH DES DURCH DAS ANWENDBARE RECHT MAXIMAL ZULÄSSIGEN UMFANGS WERDEN DIE APPLE-SOFTWARE UND -DIENSTE OHNE MÄNGELGEWÄHR UND NACH VERFÜGBARKEIT MIT ALLEN FEHLERN UND OHNE GEWÄHRLEISTUNG JEGLICHER ART AUSGELIEFERT. APPLE UND DIE APPLE-LIZENZGEBER (ZUM ZWECKE DER ABSÄTZE 8 UND 9 GEMEINSAM ALS „APPLE“ BEZEICHNET) LEHNEN HIERMIT ALLE GEWÄHRLEISTUNGEN UND BEDINGUNGEN HINSICHTLICH DER APPLE-SOFTWARE UND -DIENSTE AB, UND ZWAR SOWOHL AUSDRÜCKLICHE, IMPLIZITE ALS AUCH GESETZLICH FESTGELEGTE GEWÄHRLEISTUNGEN, EINSCHLIESSLICH INSBESONDERE DER IMPLIZITEN GEWÄHRLEISTUNGEN UND/ODER BEDINGUNGEN DER MARKTFÄHIGKEIT, ZUFRIEDENSTELLENDEN QUALITÄT, EIGNUNG FÜR EINEN BESTIMMTEN ZWECK, GENAUIGKEIT, DES UNGESTÖRTEN BESITZES UND DER NICHTVERLETZUNG DER RECHTE DRITTER.D. APPLE ÜBERNIMMT KEINE GEWÄHRLEISTUNG DAFÜR, DASS DER UNGESTÖRTE BESITZ DER APPLE-SOFTWARE UND -DIENSTE NICHT BEEINTRÄCHTIGT WIRD, DASS DIE FUNKTIONEN IN DER APPLE-SOFTWARE ODER DURCH DIE APPLE-SOFTWARE AUSGEFÜHRTE ODER BEREITGESTELLTE DIENSTE DEINE ANFORDERUNGEN ERFÜLLEN, DASS DER BETRIEB DER APPLE-SOFTWARE UND -DIENSTE STÖRUNGS- ODER FEHLERFREI ERFOLGT, DASS SÄMTLICHE DIENSTE AUCH WEITERHIN ANGEBOTEN WERDEN, DASS FEHLER IN DER APPLE-SOFTWARE ODER IN DEN -DIENSTEN KORRIGIERT WERDEN ODER DASS DIE APPLE-SOFTWARE ODER -DIENSTE MIT SOFTWARE, PROGRAMMEN ODER DIENSTEN VON DRITTANBIETERN KOMPATIBEL SEIN WIRD ODER MIT DIESEN FUNKTIONIERT. DIE INSTALLATION DIESER APPLE-SOFTWARE KANN UNTER UMSTÄNDEN DIE VERFÜGBARKEIT UND VERWENDBARKEIT VON SOFTWARE, PROGRAMMEN ODER DIENSTEN VON DRITTANBIETERN SOWIE VON APPLE-PRODUKTEN UND -DIENSTEN BEEINTRÄCHTIGEN.E. DU BESTÄTIGST FERNER, DASS DIE APPLE-SOFTWARE UND -DIENSTE NICHT FÜR DIE NUTZUNG IN SITUATIONEN ODER UMGEBUNGEN VORGESEHEN ODER GEEIGNET SIND, IN DENEN DER AUSFALL ODER ZEITVERZÖGERUNGEN DER ODER FEHLER ODER UNGENAUIGKEITEN IN DEN DURCH DIE APPLE-SOFTWARE ODER -DIENSTE BEREITGESTELLTEN INHALTEN, DATEN ODER INFORMATIONEN ZU TODESFÄLLEN, KÖRPERVERLETZUNG ODER SCHWERWIEGENDEN SACH- ODER UMWELTSCHÄDEN FÜHREN KÖNNTEN, EINSCHLIESSLICH OHNE EINSCHRÄNKUNG BEIM BETRIEB VON KERNKRAFTANLAGEN, FLUGZEUGEN, KOMMUNIKATIONSSYSTEMEN, BEI DER FLUGÜBERWACHUNG, MIT LEBENSERHALTENDEN GERÄTEN ODER WAFFENSYSTEMEN.F . MÜNDLICHE ODER SCHRIFTLICHE INFORMATIONEN ODER AUSSAGEN SEITENS APPLE ODER EINES AUTORISIERTEN APPLE-VERTRETERS BEGRÜNDEN KEINE GEWÄHRLEISTUNG. SOLLTEN SICH DIE APPLE-SOFTWARE ODER -DIENSTE ALS DEFEKT ERWEISEN, ÜBERNIMMST DU DIE GESAMTEN KOSTEN FÜR ALLE NOTWENDIGEN SERVICELEISTUNGEN, REPARATURARBEITEN ODER KORREKTUREN. EINIGE RECHTSORDNUNGEN LASSEN DEN AUSSCHLUSS IMPLIZITER GEWÄHRLEISTUNGEN ODER EINSCHRÄNKUNGEN DER ANWENDBAREN, GESETZMÄSSIGEN RECHTE EINES:EINER KUND:IN NICHT ZU, SODASS DIE OBEN GENANNTEN AUSSCHLÜSSE UND EINSCHRÄNKUNGEN FÜR DICH MÖGLICHERWEISE NICHT ZUTREFFEN.9. Haftungsbeschränkung. IN DEM NICHT DURCH ANWENDBARE GESETZE UNTERSAGTEN AUSMASS SIND APPLE, SEINE PARTNER, VERTRETER ODER LEITENDEN ANGESTELLTEN IN KEINEM FALL HAFTBAR FÜR PERSONENSCHÄDEN ODER BEILÄUFIG ENTSTANDENE, SPEZIELLE, INDIREKTE SCHÄDEN ODER FOLGESCHÄDEN JEGLICHER ART, EINSCHLIESSLICH INSBESONDERE DES ENTGANGENEN GEWINNS, DER BESCHÄDIGUNG ODER DES VERLUSTS VON DATEN, DER NICHTÜBERTRAGUNG ODER DES NICHTEMPFANGS VON DATEN ODER INFORMATIONEN (EINSCHLIESSLICH OHNE EINSCHRÄNKUNG KURSANLEITUNGEN, AUFGABEN UND MATERIALIEN), DER GESCHÄFTSUNTERBRECHUNG ODER ANDERER KOMMERZIELLER SCHÄDEN ODER VERLUSTE, DIE DURCH DIE VERWENDUNG DER APPLE-SOFTWARE ODER -DIENSTE ODER DIE UNMÖGLICHKEIT DER VERWENDUNG DER APPLE-SOFTWARE ODER -DIENSTE ODER JEGLICHER SOFTWARE, PROGRAMME ODER DIENSTE VON DRITTANBIETERN IN VERBINDUNG MIT DER APPLE-SOFTWARE ODER DEN -DIENSTEN ENTSTEHEN ODER DAMIT ZUSAMMENHÄNGEN, UND ZWAR UNABHÄNGIG VON DER RECHTSGRUNDLAGE DER HAFTUNG (VERTRAG, UNERLAUBTE HANDLUNG ODER SONSTIGE) UND AUCH ZWAR DANN, WENN APPLE AUF DIE MÖGLICHKEIT SOLCHER SCHÄDEN HINGEWIESEN WURDE. EINIGE RECHTSORDNUNGEN LASSEN DEN AUSSCHLUSS ODER DIE BESCHRÄNKUNG DER HAFTUNG FÜR PERSONENSCHÄDEN, BEILÄUFIG ENTSTANDENE SCHÄDEN ODER FOLGESCHÄDEN NICHT ZU, SODASS DIESE BESCHRÄNKUNG FÜR DICH MÖGLICHERWEISE NICHT ZUTRIFFT. In keinem Fall übersteigt die gesamte Haftung von Apple für alle Schäden (ausgenommen die zwingende gesetzliche Haftung im Falle von Personenschäden) dir gegenüber die Summe von zweihundertfünfzig US-Dollar ($ 250,00). Die vorgenannten Beschränkungen gelten auch dann, wenn das oben genannte Rechtsmittel seinen eigentlichen Zweck nicht erfüllt.10. Digitale Zertiﬁkate. Die Apple-Software umfasst Funktionen, die es dir ermöglichen, digitale Zertiﬁkate zu akzeptieren, die von Apple oder anderen Anbietern ausgestellt werden. DIE ENTSCHEIDUNG, OB DU EINEM VON APPLE ODER EINEM ANDEREN ANBIETER AUSGESTELLTEN ZERTIFIKAT VERTRAUST, LIEGT ALLEIN IN DEINER EIGENEN VERANTWORTUNG. DIE VERWENDUNG DIGITALER ZERTIFIKATE ERFOLGT AUSSCHLIESSLICH AUF EIGENES RISIKO. APPLE GIBT IM HINBLICK AUF DIGITALE ZERTIFIKATE BIS ZUM HÖCHSTEN DURCH ANWENDBARE GESETZE ERLAUBTEN AUSMASS KEINERLEI GEWÄHRLEISTUNG ODER ZUSICHERUNGEN AB (WEDER AUSDRÜCKLICH NOCH KONKLUDENT) BEZÜGLICH DER MARKTFÄHIGKEIT ODER DER EIGNUNG FÜR EINEN BESTIMMTEN ZWECK, DER GENAUIGKEIT, DER SICHERHEIT ODER DER FREIHEIT VON RECHTEN DRITTER. Du erklärst dich einverstanden, (a) keinerlei Zertiﬁkate zu fälschen oder missbräuchlich zu verwenden; (b) digitale Zertiﬁkate ausschließlich im rechtlich zulässigen Rahmen und nur wie ausdrücklich in diesem Vertrag gestattet und im Einklang mit sämtlichen anwendbaren Zertiﬁkatsrichtlinien (Certiﬁcate Policy), Angaben zur praktischen Anwendung von Zertiﬁkaten (Certiﬁcate Practice Statement) oder anderen Informationen über die Geschäftspraxis des Zertiﬁkatausstellers (Certiﬁcate Authority) zu verwenden; (c) allein die Verantwortung dafür zu tragen, deine digitalen Zertiﬁkate vor unbefugtem Zugriﬀ zu schützen; und (d) allein die Verantwortung dafür zu tragen, unbefugte Benutzer daran zu hindern, den deinem digitalen Zertiﬁkat zugeordneten privaten Schlüssel zu verwenden; und (e) jedes deiner Zertiﬁkate zu widerrufen, das deiner vertretbaren Überzeugung nach kompromittiert bzw. beschädigt wurde. Die Zertiﬁkatsrichtlinien (Certiﬁcate Policy) und Angaben zur praktischen Anwendung von Zertiﬁkaten (Certiﬁcate Practice Statement) von Apple ﬁndest du unter: https://www.apple.com/certiﬁcateauthority.11. Exportkontrolle. Du stehst dafür ein, dass die Apple-Software nur unter Beachtung aller anwendbaren Exportbestimmungen der USA und des Landes bzw. der Länder, in dem bzw. denen du die Apple-Software erhalten hast, exportiert oder reexportiert wird. Insbesondere, aber ohne Einschränkung darf die Apple-Software nicht (a) in ein Land exportiert oder reexportiert werden, über das die Vereinigten Staaten ein Embargo verhängt haben, oder (b) einer Person überlassen werden, die auf der Liste der Specially Designated Nationals des U.S. Treasury Department oder der Denied Person’s List oder Entity List des U.S. Department of Commerce oder einer anderen Liste mit eingeschränkten Parteien verzeichnet ist. Indem du die Apple-Software benutzt, erklärst du, dass du weder in einem dieser Länder wohnhaft bist noch auf einer der vorstehend erwähnten Listen genannt wirst. Des Weiteren erklärst du, dass du die Apple-Software nicht für Zwecke jeglicher Art verwenden wirst, die nach US-amerikanischen Gesetzen verboten sind, einschließlich insbesondere Entwicklung, Planung, Fertigung und Produktion von Raketen, nuklearen, chemischen oder biologischen Waﬀen.12. US-Behörden. Die Apple-Software und die zugehörige Dokumentation gelten als „Commercial Items“ gemäß Deﬁnition im 48 C.F .R. §2.101, bestehend aus „Commercial Computer Software“ und „Commercial Computer Software Documentation“ in dem Sinne, in dem diese Begriﬀe im 48 C.F .R. §12.212 oder 48 C.F .R. §227.7202 verwendet werden, sofern anwendbar. In Übereinstimmung mit 48 C.F .R. §12.212 oder 48 C.F .R. §227.7202-1 bis 227.7202-4, sofern anwendbar, werden die „Commercial Computer Software“ und die „Commercial Computer Software Documentation“ an US-Behörden wie folgt lizenziert: (a) nur als „Commercial Items“ und (b) nur mit den Rechten, die allen Endbenutzern gemäß den Bestimmungen in diesem Lizenzvertrag gewährt werden. Die Rechte an unveröﬀentlichten Werken unterliegen den Urheberrechten der Vereinigten Staaten.13. Anwendbares Recht und Teilnichtigkeit. Dieser Lizenzvertrag unterliegt den Gesetzen des Staates Kalifornien, unter Ausschluss der Bestimmungen zur Gesetzeskollision, und ist gemäß diesen auszulegen. Dieser Lizenzvertrag unterliegt nicht der United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, deren Anwendung hiermit ausdrücklich ausgeschlossen wird. Wenn du Verbraucher:in mit Wohnsitz in Großbritannien bist, unterliegt dieser Lizenzvertrag den Gesetzen deines Wohnorts. Die Unwirksamkeit einzelner Bestimmungen dieses Lizenzvertrags berührt die Wirksamkeit des Vertrags im Übrigen nicht.14. Vollständigkeit; Vertragssprache. Dieser Lizenzvertrag enthält die gesamte Vereinbarung zwischen dir und Apple in Bezug auf die Apple-Software und tritt an die Stelle aller diesbezüglichen früheren Vereinbarungen. Änderungen und Ergänzungen dieses Vertrags sind schriftlich niederzulegen und von Apple zu unterzeichnen. Jegliche Übersetzung dieses Lizenzvertrags wird für lokale Zwecke angefertigt. Im Falle von Unstimmigkeiten zwischen der englischen und der nicht englischen Version hat die englische Version dieses Lizenzvertrags bis zu dem nicht durch deine lokale Gesetzsprechung untersagten Ausmaß Gültigkeit.15. Anerkennung der Rechte Dritter.A. Teile der Apple-Software nutzen oder enthalten möglicherweise Software sowie andere urheberrechtlich geschützte Materialien von Dritten. Die Anerkennung, Lizenzbestimmungen und Schadensersatzregelungen für diese Materialien sind in der elektronischen Dokumentation der Apple-Software enthalten und die Verwendung dieser Materialien unterliegt deren jeweiligen Bestimmungen. Die Nutzung des Google-Diensts für sicheres Surfen (Safe Browsing Service) unterliegt den Google-Nutzungsbedingungen (https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/) und der Google-Datenschutzerklärung (https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/).B. Bei bestimmten Bibliotheken und anderen Softwareprogrammen von Drittanbietern, die zum Lieferumfang der Apple-Software gehören, handelt es sich um kostenlose Software, die im Rahmen der Bestimmungen der GNU Library General Public License Version 2 (GPL) oder der GNU Library/Lesser General Public License (LGPL) lizenziert wird. Du kannst eine vollständige maschinenlesbare Kopie des Quellcodes dieser kostenlosen Software nach Maßgabe der GPL oder LGPL auf schriftliche Bestellung bei Apple unter opensource@apple.com ohne Berechnung, aber gegen Erstattung der Kosten für Datenträger, Versand und Verwaltungsaufwand erhalten. Die GPL-/LGPL-Software wird in der Hoﬀnung verteilt, dass sie hilfreich sein möge, aber OHNE JEGLICHE GEWÄHRLEISTUNG, auch ohne die Gewährleistung der MARKTFÄHIGKEIT oder EIGNUNG FÜR EINEN BESTIMMTEN ZWECK. Eine Kopie des GPL- und LGPL-Vertrages für öﬀentliche Lizenzen ist im Lieferumfang der Apple-Software enthalten.C. Nutzung von MPEG-4. Dieses Produkt wird im Rahmen der MPEG-4 Systems Patent Portfolio Lizenz für das Codieren gemäß dem MPEG-4 Systems Standard lizenziert mit der Ausnahme, dass eine zusätzliche Lizenz sowie die Zahlung von Lizenzgebühren erforderlich ist für das Codieren in Verbindung mit (i) Daten, die auf einem physischen Speichermedium archiviert oder repliziert werden, für das titelweise gezahlt wird, und/oder (ii) Daten, für die titelweise gezahlt wird und die für die permanente Archivierung und/oder Nutzung an einen Endbenutzer übertragen werden. Eine solche zusätzliche Lizenz ist bei MPEG LA, LLC. erhältlich. Weitere Informationen ﬁndest du unter https://www.mpegla.com.Dieses Produkt wird im Rahmen der MPEG-4 Visual Patent Portfolio Lizenz für die persönliche und nicht kommerzielle Nutzung durch eine Privatperson lizenziert zum Zwecke (i) der Codierung von Videomaterial in Übereinstimmung mit dem MPEG-4 Visual Standard („MPEG-4-Video“) und/oder (ii) der Decodierung von MPEG-4-Videomaterial, das von einer Privatperson im Rahmen einer persönlichen und nicht kommerziellen Aktivität codiert wurde und/oder das von einem Videoanbieter stammt, der über eine Lizenz der MPEG LA zum Bereitstellen von MPEG-4-Videos verfügt. Für andere Zwecke wird keine Lizenz erteilt bzw. ist keine Lizenz impliziert. Weitere Informationen, einschließlich solcher, die mit der Nutzung und Lizenzierung im Falle von werberelevanten, internen und kommerziellen Zwecken zusammenhängen, sind bei MPEG LA, LLC. erhältlich. Die URL-Adresse lautet https://www.mpegla.com.D. H.264-/AVC-Hinweis. Soweit die Apple-Software die Funktionalität zur AVC-Codierung und/oder -Decodierung umfasst, erfordert die kommerzielle Nutzung von H.264/AVC eine zusätzliche Lizenzierung, und es gilt die folgende Klausel: DIE AVC-FUNKTIONALITÄT IN DIESEM PRODUKT WIRD HIERIN NUR FÜR PERSÖNLICHE UND NICHT KOMMERZIELLE ZWECKE EINES ENDVERBRAUCHERS LIZENZIERT ZUR (i) CODIERUNG VON VIDEOMATERIAL IN ÜBEREINSTIMMUNG MIT DEM AVC-STANDARD („AVC-VIDEO“) UND/ODER (ii) DECODIERUNG VON AVC-VIDEOMATERIAL, DAS VON EINER PRIVATPERSON IM RAHMEN EINER PERSÖNLICHEN UND NICHT KOMMERZIELLEN AKTIVITÄT CODIERT WURDE, UND/ODER AVC-VIDEOMATERIAL, DAS VON EINEM VIDEOANBIETER STAMMT, DER ÜBER EINE LIZENZ ZUM BEREITSTELLEN VON AVC-VIDEOMATERIAL VERFÜGT. INFORMATIONEN ZU ANDEREN VERWENDUNGSZWECKEN UND LIZENZEN SIND BEI MPEG LA L.L.C ERHÄLTLICH. DIE URL-ADRESSE LAUTET HTTPS://WWW.MPEGLA.COM.E. Hinweis zu AMR. Die in diesem Produkt enthaltene Funktionalität für die AMR-Codierung und -Decodierung (Adaptive Multi-Rate) wird nicht lizenziert zum Zwecke der Nutzung für Anrufe mit Mobiltelefonen oder jeglichen Telefonieprodukten, die auf der QuickTime-Architektur für die Windows-Plattform aufbauen. Ferner wird die in diesem Produkt enthaltene Funktionalität für die AMR-Codierung und -Decodierung nicht lizenziert zum Zwecke der Nutzung innerhalb einer Infrastruktur für die Mobilkommunikation, darunter: Basisstationen, Basisstations-Controller/Radionetzwerk-Controller, Switching-Centers und Gateways zu und von öﬀentlich zugänglichen Netzwerken.F . Hinweis zur FAA. Statusinformationen des Aircraft Situation Display & National Airspace System (im Folgenden als „Flugdaten“ bezeichnet), die durch die Apple-Software angezeigt werden, werden von der Federal Aviation Administration generiert. Du verpﬂichtest dich hiermit, diese Flugdaten nicht ohne vorherige schriftliche Genehmigung der FAA an Dritte weiterzugeben. Die FAA und Apple lehnen jegliche ausdrückliche oder implizite Gewährleistung (einschließlich der impliziten Gewährleistung der Marktfähigkeit und Eignung für einen bestimmten Zweck) bezüglich der Nutzung und Genauigkeit der Flugdaten ab. Du bestätigst hiermit, dass die FAA und Apple weder gemeinsam noch einzeln haftbar sind für Verluste, Schäden, Forderungen, Verbindlichkeiten, Kosten, Geldstrafen oder für indirekte, spezielle, sekundäre, beiläuﬁg entstandene Schäden oder Folgeschäden, die aus der Nutzung der Flugdaten entstehen. Die Apple-Software wird von der FAA weder gesponsert noch anderweitig gefördert. Die FAA trägt keine Verantwortung für technische oder systemrelevante Probleme. Daher solltest du die FAA nicht kontaktieren, wenn solche Probleme oder betriebsbedingte Probleme mit dem Datenverkehr auftreten.G. Nutzung von Adobe-Farbproﬁlen. Du hast das Recht zur Nutzung der Adobe Color Proﬁle-Software, die gemäß dieser Lizenz in der Apple-Software enthalten ist, Adobe ist jedoch nicht verpﬂichtet, im Rahmen dieses Vertrags Unterstützung für Farbproﬁle bereitzustellen, einschließlich Aktualisierungen oder künftige Versionen der Farbproﬁle oder sonstiger Objekte. Zusätzlich zu den Bestimmungen in den Absätzen 8 und 9 oben IST ADOBE IN KEINEM FALL DIR GEGENÜBER HAFTBAR FÜR SCHÄDEN, FORDERUNGEN ODER KOSTEN JEGLICHER ART. Die Adobe Color Proﬁle-Software, die mit der Apple-Software verteilt wird, kann auch von der Adobe-Website geladen werden: https://www.adobe.com.H. Gracenote®-Endbenutzer-Lizenzvereinbarung. Zu dieser Anwendung oder diesem Gerät gehört Software von Gracenote, Inc., mit Sitz in Emeryville, Kalifornien, USA (im Folgenden bezeichnet als „Gracenote“). Mit Hilfe der von Gracenote bereitgestellten Software („Gracenote-Software“) kann diese Anwendung Musikalben und/oder Dateien online identiﬁzieren und musikbezogene Daten von Online-Servern oder eingebundenen Datenbanken (zusammengefasst unter der Bezeichnung „Gracenote-Server“) abrufen, darunter Informationen zu Name, Künstler, Stück und Titel („Gracenote-Daten“), sowie weitere Funktionen ausführen. Du darfst die Gracenote-Daten nur so nutzen, wie bei den Endbenutzerfunktionen der Anwendung bzw. des Geräts vorgesehen. Du sicherst zu, dass du Gracenote-Daten, die Gracenote-Software und die Gracenote-Server nur für deinen persönlichen und nicht kommerziellen Gebrauch nutzt. Du sicherst zu, die Gracenote-Software oder beliebige Gracenote-Daten nicht Dritten zukommen zu lassen, für Dritte zu kopieren oder an Dritte zu übertragen bzw. zu übersenden. DU SICHERST ZU, GRACENOTE-DATEN, DIE GRACENOTE-SOFTWARE UND GRACENOTE-SERVER NUR SO ZU NUTZEN, WIE IN DIESEM DOKUMENT AUSDRÜCKLICH GESTATTET. Du stimmst zu, dass deine nicht exklusive Lizenz zur Nutzung der Gracenote-Daten, der Gracenote-Software und der Gracenote-Server erlischt, wenn du die genannten Einschränkungen verletzt. Du sicherst zu, dass du nach dem Erlöschen deiner Lizenz aufhörst, die Gracenote-Daten, die Gracenote-Software und Gracenote-Server in irgendeiner Weise zu nutzen. Gracenote behält sich alle Rechte an Gracenote-Daten, der Gracenote-Software und den Gracenote-Servern vor, insbesondere alle Eigentumsrechte. Unter keinen Umständen ist Gracenote zu Zahlungen an dich verpﬂichtet für Informationen, die du Gracenote bereitstellst. Du stimmst zu, dass Gracenote, Inc., seine aus dieser Vereinbarung entstehenden Rechte direkt und in eigenem Namen dir gegenüber geltend machen darf. Der Gracenote-Dienst nutzt einen speziellen Identiﬁkationsmechanismus, um Abfragen zu statistischen Zwecken zu erfassen. Diese zufällig zugewiesene numerische Identiﬁkation dient dazu, dem Gracenote-Dienst das Zählen von Abfragen zu ermöglichen, ohne dass dabei Daten über dich bekannt werden. Weitere Informationen ﬁndest du auf der Webseite mit der Gracenote-Datenschutzrichtlinie („Privacy Policy“) für den Gracenote-Dienst. Du erhältst eine Lizenz für die Gracenote-Software und alle Gracenote-Daten so, wie sie vorliegen. Gracenote macht keine ausdrücklichen oder impliziten Aussagen oder Zusagen hinsichtlich der Richtigkeit der Gracenote-Daten auf den Gracenote-Servern. Gracenote behält sich das Recht vor, Daten von den Gracenote-Servern zu löschen oder Datenkategorien zu ändern aus Gründen, die nach Ermessen von Gracenote ausreichend sind. Gracenote gibt keine Zusicherung, dass die Gracenote-Software oder die Gracenote-Server fehlerfrei sind oder dass die Gracenote-Software und die Gracenote-Server ununterbrochen laufen. Gracenote ist nicht verpﬂichtet, dir neue, verbesserte oder zusätzliche Datentypen oder -kategorien zur Verfügung zu stellen, die Gracenote möglicherweise zukünftig anbieten wird, und es steht Gracenote frei, seine Dienste jederzeit einzustellen. GRACENOTE SCHLIESST ALLE AUSDRÜCKLICHEN ODER IMPLIZITEN GARANTIEN AUS, INSBESONDERE IMPLIZITE GARANTIEN DER HANDELSÜBLICHEN QUALITÄT, DER EIGNUNG FÜR EINEN BESTIMMTEN ZWECK, DES EIGENTUMS UND DER NICHTVERLETZUNG VON RECHTEN. GRACENOTE GIBT KEINE GARANTIE FÜR DIE ERGEBNISSE, DIE DU DURCH NUTZUNG DER GRACENOTE-SOFTWARE ODER VON GRACENOTE-SERVERN ERHÄLTST. GRACENOTE HAFTET UNTER KEINEN UMSTÄNDEN FÜR FOLGE- ODER ZUFALLSCHÄDEN, FÜR ENTGANGENE GEWINNE ODER ENTGANGENE ERLÖSE. 16. Beschränkungen des Yahoo-Suchdiensts. Der Yahoo-Suchdienst, der über Safari verfügbar ist, wird nur für die Nutzung in folgenden Ländern und Regionen lizenziert: Argentinien, Aruba, Australien, Österreich, Barbados, Belgien, Bermuda, Brasilien, Bulgarien, Kanada, Cayman-Inseln, Chile, Festlandchina, Hongkong, Taiwan, Kolumbien, Zypern, Tschechische Republik, Dänemark, Dominikanische Republik, Ecuador, El Salvador, Finnland, Frankreich, Deutschland, Griechenland, Grenada, Guatemala, Ungarn, Island, Indien, Indonesien, Irland, Italien, Jamaika, Japan, Lettland, Litauen, Luxemburg, Malaysia, Malta, Mexiko, Niederlande, Neuseeland, Nicaragua, Norwegen, Panama, Peru, Philippinen, Polen, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Rumänien, Singapur, Slowakei, Slowenien, Südkorea, Spanien, St. Lucia, St. Vincent, Schweden, Schweiz, Thailand, Bahamas, Trinidad und Tobago, Türkei, Großbritannien, Uruguay, USA und Venezuela.EA18057/8//2022————————————Ergänzende Bestimmungen für Apple PayDiese ergänzenden Bestimmungen für Apple Pay („Ergänzende Bestimmungen“) ergänzen den Softwarelizenzvertrag für macOS („Lizenzvertrag“); die Bestimmungen dieser Lizenz und diese ergänzenden Bestimmungen sind für deine Nutzung der Apple Pay-Funktion maßgeblich, die im Rahmen dieser Lizenz als „Dienst“ angesehen wird. Hervorgehobene Begriﬀe in diesen ergänzenden Bestimmungen haben die im Lizenzvertrag festgelegte Bedeutung.1.     Überblick und NutzungsbeschränkungenMit Apple Pay kannst du virtuelle Darstellungen von Kredit-, Debit- und Prepaid-Karten (einschließlich Apple Card) speichern, die von der Apple Pay-Funktion unterstützt werden („Unterstützte Karten“), auf unterstützten Mac-Modellen Zahlungen innerhalb von Websites veranlassen oder leisten, Online-Bestellungen nachverfolgen und Belege einsehen. Die Apple Pay-Funktionen der Apple-Software sind möglicherweise nur in ausgewählten Regionen, bei bestimmten Kartenausstellern, Zahlungsnetzwerken und Händlern verfügbar. Die Funktionen können je nach Region, Kartenaussteller und Händler variieren. Änderungen an unterstützten Karten sind vorbehalten.Apple Pay ist für deine persönliche Nutzung vorgesehen und du darfst nur deine eigenen unterstützten Karten bereitstellen. Wenn du eine unterstützte Firmenkarte bereitstellst, erklärst du damit, dass du die Bevollmächtigung deines Arbeitgebers hast und befugt bist, deinen Arbeitgeber an diese Nutzungsbestimmungen und alle durch Nutzung dieser Funktion durchgeführten Transaktionen zu binden.Du verpﬂichtest dich, es zu unterlassen, Apple Pay für illegale oder betrügerische Zwecke oder jegliche anderen Zwecke zu verwenden, die durch den Lizenzvertrag oder diese ergänzenden Bestimmungen untersagt sind. Ferner erklärst du dich damit einverstanden, Apple Pay in Übereinstimmung mit geltenden Gesetzen und Rechtsvorschriften zu verwenden. Du erklärst dich damit einverstanden, den Apple Pay-Dienst (einschließlich des Zugriﬀs auf den Dienst durch automatisierte Mittel jeglicher Art) oder jegliche Server oder Netzwerke, die mit dem Dienst verbunden sind, oder jegliche Strategien, Vorgaben oder Regelungen von Netzwerken, die mit dem Dienst verbunden sind (einschließlich unbefugter Zugriﬀ darauf, Nutzung oder Überwachung von Daten oder Verkehr dieser Netzwerke) nicht zu beeinträchtigen oder zu stören.2.     Nutzung auf MacsDu kannst Apple Pay auf unterstützten Macs verwenden, um Zahlungen auf mit Safari besuchten Websites zu veranlassen. Diese Funktion setzt voraus, dass du eine unterstützte Karte hast, die einem unterstützten iOS-Gerät oder einer unterstützten Apple Watch („unterstützte Geräte“) bereitgestellt wurde. Wenn du mit Apple Pay auf einer Website bezahlst, musst du die Transaktion mit einem unterstützten Gerät autorisieren.Zusätzlich zu den in diesen ergänzenden Bestimmungen festgelegten Regelungen unterliegt deine Nutzung von Apple Pay zum Veranlassen von Zahlungen auf Websites, auf die du mit Safari zugreifst, den für dein unterstütztes Gerät geltenden ergänzenden Bestimmungen für Apple Pay, die hiermit durch Verweis integriert werden. Du kannst wie folgt darauf zugreifen: „Einstellungen“ > „Allgemein“ > „Über“ > „Rechtl. Hinweise“ > „Lizenz“ auf deinem iOS-Gerät oder „Über“ > „Copyright“ > „Lizenz“ innerhalb der Watch App auf einem verbundenen iOS-Gerät. Änderungen an unterstützten Geräten sind vorbehalten.Du kannst Apple Pay auf einem MacBook Pro mit integriertem Touch ID einrichten, indem du unterstützte Karten bereitstellst und Apple Pay verwendest, um Zahlungen auf mit Safari besuchten Websites zu leisten. Damit du Apple Pay auf diesen Macs verwenden kannst, musst du unterstützte Karten haben, die einem aktiven iCloud-Account zugeordnet sind. Apple Pay ist nur für Personen ab 13 Jahren verfügbar und unterliegt möglicherweise zusätzlichen Altersbeschränkungen, die iCloud oder der relevante Kartenaussteller deiner unterstützten Karten auferlegt.3.     Beziehung von Apple zu dirApple verarbeitet keine Zahlungen oder hat keinerlei Kontrolle über Zahlungen, Rückgaben, Rückerstattungen, Prämien, Werte, Rabatte, Bestellungen sowie deren Erfüllung oder andere Geschäftsaktivitäten, die aus deiner Nutzung dieser Funktion entstehen. Die Bestimmungen von Kartenvereinbarungen, die du möglicherweise mit deinem Kartenaussteller geschlossen hast, gelten weiterhin für deine Nutzung deiner unterstützten Karten und deren Nutzung in Verbindung mit Apple Pay. Ebenso unterliegen deine Käufe von Waren oder Diensten mit Apple Pay den allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen des Händlers. Die Apple Card ist nur in den USA verfügbar und wird von der Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch („Apple Card-Aussteller“) ausgestellt. Beim Beantragen einer Apple Card beantragst du die Eröﬀnung eines Kontos beim Apple Card-Aussteller. Die Apple Card ist nur für Personen ab 18 Jahren (oder älter, je nach Wohnsitzstaat) verfügbar. Änderungen des Finanzinstituts, das für das Angebot der Apple Card verantwortlich ist, sind vorbehalten, und deine Nutzung der Apple Card unterliegt dessen jeweiligen Bestimmungen.Keine Bestimmung in dieser Lizenz oder den ergänzenden Bestimmungen ändert die Bestimmungen jeglicher Karteninhaber- oder Händlervereinbarungen oder andere Bedingungen, die auf die Nutzung von Apple Pay anwendbar sind; diese Bestimmungen gelten für deine Nutzung der anwendbaren Funktion von Apple Pay und deren virtueller Darstellung auf deinem unterstützten Mac.Du stimmst zu, dass Apple keine Partei deiner Karten- oder Händlervereinbarungen ist, dass Apple nicht verantwortlich ist (a) für die Inhalte, Genauigkeit oder Nichtverfügbarkeit jeglicher Zahlungskarten, Geschäftsaktivitäten, Transaktionen, Käufe, Bestellungen sowie deren Erfüllung oder Belege während der Nutzung der Apple Pay-Funktionalität; (b) für die Vergabe von Krediten oder die Bewertung der Kreditwürdigkeit; (c) Aktivitäten von Ausstellern, Händlern oder anderen Dritten in Bezug zu deiner Nutzung von Apple Pay oder Wallet; (d) für die Bereitstellung von Entscheidungen, die von einem Aussteller, Händler oder einem anderen Dritten in Verbindung mit einer unterstützten Karte getroﬀen werden; (e) für die Sammlung oder Einlösung von Prämien oder gespeicherten Guthaben im Rahmen eines Programms von Händlern; oder (f) für die Finanzierung oder das erneute Auﬂaden von Prepaid-Karten. Bei allen Streitigkeiten oder Fragen in Bezug auf Zahlungskarten oder zugehörigen Geschäftsaktivitäten wendest du dich bitte an deinen Kartenaussteller oder den betreﬀenden Händler.4.     DatenschutzBei Verwendung von Apple Pay zum Veranlassen einer Zahlungstransaktion, die auf einem unterstützten Gerät abgeschlossen werden soll, überträgt Apple Pay Zahlungsinformationen in einem verschlüsselten Format zwischen deinem Mac und deinem unterstützten Gerät, um deine Zahlung abzuschließen. Bei Verwendung von Apple Pay zum Durchführen einer Zahlungstransaktion auf einem MacBook Pro mit integriertem Touch ID werden deine Zahlungsinformationen als Teil dieser Transaktion der Website in verschlüsseltem Format bereitgestellt. Wird auf einem MacBook Pro mit integriertem Touch ID eine Karte zu Apple Pay hinzugefügt, werden Informationen über dein Gerät, etwa ob bestimmte Geräteeinstellungen aktiviert sind sowie Gerätenutzungsmuster (z. B. Prozent der Zeit, in der das Gerät in Bewegung ist, ungefähre Anzahl der Anrufe pro Woche), an Apple gesendet, um deine Berechtigung zu überprüfen und Betrug zu verhindern. Detaillierte Informationen zu den personenbezogenen Daten, die im Rahmen deiner Nutzung von Apple Pay erfasst, verwendet oder geteilt werden, ﬁndest du in der für den jeweiligen Dienst relevanten Datenschutzerklärung, einschließlich „Apple Pay & Privacy“, die auf deinem iOS-Gerät oder Mac oder innerhalb der App „Watch“ auf einem verbundenen iOS-Gerät oder auf der Website https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy verfügbar sind. Indem du Apple Pay verwendest, erklärst du dich damit einverstanden, dass Apple, seine Tochtergesellschaften und Vertreter all die vorhergehenden Informationen übertragen, sammeln, verwalten, verarbeiten und nutzen, um die Apple Pay-Funktionalität bereitzustellen.5.     SicherheitApple Pay speichert virtuelle Darstellungen deiner unterstützten Karten und du verstehst und erkennst an, dass, wenn du deinen Gerätecode oder dein Passwort an Dritte weitergibst oder es Dritten erlaubst, ihren Fingerabdruck zur Verwendung von Touch ID auf deinem unterstützten Gerät oder Mac hinzuzufügen, dies dazu führen kann, dass diese innerhalb von Websites Apple Pay-Zahlungen mit deinem Mac tätigen können. Du allein trägst die Verantwortung für die Wahrung der Sicherheit deiner Geräte und der zugehörigen Gerätecodes und Passwörter. Du erklärst dein Einverständnis damit, dass Apple keinerlei Verantwortung trägt, wenn du dein Gerät verlierst oder Dritten den Zugriﬀ darauf ermöglichst oder wenn du unbefugte Änderungen an macOS vornimmst.Wenn dein Gerät verloren geht oder gestohlen wird und du die Funktion „Mein iPhone suchen“ oder „Meinen Mac suchen“ aktiviert hast, kannst du „Mein iPhone suchen“ oder https://www.icloud.com verwenden, um die Fähigkeit, mit den virtuellen unterstützten Karten auf dem Gerät zu zahlen, zu sperren, indem du das Gerät in den Modus „Verloren“ versetzt. Du kannst dein Gerät auch löschen. Dieser Vorgang wird versuchen, die Fähigkeit, mit den virtuellen unterstützen Karten auf dem Gerät zu zahlen, zu sperren. Du solltest jedoch auch den Kartenaussteller deiner unterstützten Karten verständigen, um unbefugte Zugriﬀe auf deine virtuellen unterstützten Karten zu verhindern.Wenn du betrügerische oder missbräuchliche Aktivitäten meldest oder Apple solche Aktivitäten vermutet, erklärst du dich damit einverstanden, bei jeglichen Untersuchungen mit Apple zu kooperieren und jegliche von uns vorgeschriebenen Maßnahmen zur Betrugsbekämpfung durchzuführen.6.     HaftungsbeschränkungZUSÄTZLICH ZU DEN IN DIESER LIZENZ FESTGELEGTEN HAFTUNGSAUSSCHLÜSSEN UND HAFTUNGSBESCHRÄNKUNGEN ÜBERNIMMT APPLE KEINERLEI HAFTUNG FÜR KÄUFE, ZAHLUNGEN, TRANSAKTIONEN, BESTELLUNGEN SOWIE DEREN ERFÜLLUNG, BELEGDATEN, ODER ANDERE GESCHÄFTLICHE AKTIVITÄTEN, DIE UNTER VERWENDUNG DER APPLE PAY-FUNKTION GETÄTIGT WURDEN, UND DU ERKLÄRST DICH DAMIT EINVERSTANDEN, DASS DU AUSSCHLIESSLICH VEREINBARUNGEN ZU RATE ZIEHST, DIE DU MÖGLICHERWEISE MIT DEINEM KARTENAUSSTELLER, DEINEM ZAHLUNGSNETZWERK ODER HÄNDLER GETROFFEN HAST, UM JEGLICHE FRAGEN UND STREITIGKEITEN IN BEZUG AUF DEINE UNTERSTÜTZTEN KARTEN, VIRTUELLEN UNTERSTÜTZTEN KARTEN UND ZUGEHÖRIGEN GESCHÄFTLICHEN AKTIVITÄTEN ZU KLÄREN.೔ຊޠ"QQMF*ODNBD047FOUVSBͷιϑτ΢ΣΞ࢖༻ڐ୚ܖ໿"QQMFϒϥϯυͷγεςϜͰͷ࢖༻"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞΛ࢖༻͞ΕΔલʹɺຊιϑτ΢ΣΞϥΠηϯεܖ໿ʢҎԼʮຊܖ໿ʯͱ͍͍·͢ʣΛΑ͓͘ಡΈ͍ͩ͘͞ɻ͓٬༷͸ɺ౰"֘QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞΛ͝࢖༻ʹͳΔ͜ͱͰɺຊܖ໿ͷ֤৚߲ͷ߆ଋΛड͚Δ͜ͱʹಉҙ͞Εͨ͜ͱʹͳΓ·͢ɻຊܖ໿ͷ֤৚߲ʹಉҙ͞Εͳ͍৔߹͸ɺ౰"֘QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞΛΠϯετʔϧ͓Αͼʗ·ͨ͸࢖༻ΛߦΘͣɺ֤৚߲ʹʮಉҙ͠·͢ʯ·ͨ͸ʮಉҙ͠·ͤΜʯͷબ୒ࢶ͕ఏࣔ͞Ε͍ͯΔ৔߹͸ʮಉҙ͠·ͤΜʯϘλϯΛΫϦοΫ͍ͯͩ͘͠͞ɻ͓٬༷͕"QQMFϋʔυ΢ΣΞΛߪೖ͢ΔࡍʹͦͷҰ෦ͱͯ͠౰"֘QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞΛऔಘ͞Εͨ৔߹Ͱɺຊܖ໿ͷ֤৚߲ʹಉҙ͞Εͳ͍৔߹͸ɺ͢΂ͯͷ౰"֘QQMFϋʔυ΢ΣΞ͓Αͼιϑτ΢ΣΞύοέʔδΛɺฦؒظ٫಺ʹɺ͓٬༷͕औಘ͞Εͨ"QQMF4UPSF·ͨ͸ਖ਼ن୅ཧళ΁ฦ٫ͷ্ɺIUUQTXXXBQQMFDPNKQMFHBMTBMFTTVQQPSU͔Β֬͝ೝ͍͚ͨͩΔ"QQMFͷฦ٫ϙϦγʔʹै͏͜ͱΛ৚݅ʹɺ෷͍໭͠Λड͚Δ͜ͱ͕Ͱ͖·͢ɻ͓٬༷͕෷͍໭͠Λड͚ΔͨΊʹ͸ɺ͢΂ͯͷϋʔυ΢ΣΞ͓Αͼιϑτ΢ΣΞΛฦ٫͠ͳ͚Ε͹ͳΓ·ͤΜɻॏཁͳ௨஌ɿ͜ͷιϑτ΢ΣΞ͸ɺϚςϦΞϧΛෳ੡ɺमਖ਼ɺެදɺ·ͨ͸൦෍͢Δ͜ͱʹ࢖༻͞ΕΔݶΓʹ͓͍ͯɺஶݖ࡞ͷอޢΛड͚ͳ͍ϚςϦΞϧɺ͓٬༷͕ஶݖ࡞Λ༗͢ΔϚςϦΞϧɺ·ͨ͸͓٬༷͕ෳ੡ɺमਖ਼ɺެද͓Αͼ൦෍Λڐ୚͞Ε͔ͨ๏తʹೝΊΒΕͨϚςϦΞϧʹ͍ͭͯɺෳ੡ɺमਖ਼ɺެද·ͨ͸൦෍͢ΔͨΊʹͷΈɺ͓٬༷ʹରͯ͠ϥΠηϯε͕෇༩͞ΕΔ΋ͷͰ͢ɻϚςϦΞϧͷෳ੡ݖʹ͍ͭͯ͝ෆ໌ͳ఺͕͋Γ·ͨ͠Βɺ͓٬༷ͷ๏཯ΞυόΠβʔʹ͝૬ஊ͍ͩ͘͞ɻ૯ଇ""QQMFϒϥϯυͷϋʔυ΢ΣΞɺ಺෦ετϨʔδɺϦϜʔόϒϧϝσΟΞɺσΟεΫɺಡΈऔΓઐ༻ϝϞϦɺͦͷଞͷه࿥ഔମ΋͘͠͸ͦͷଞ͋ΒΏΔܗଶͷഔମʹϓϦΠϯετʔϧ͞Ε͍ͯΔɺຊܖ໿ॻ͕ఴ෇͞Ε͍ͯΔ"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞʢ#PPU30.ίʔυΛؚΉʣɺ͢΂ͯͷୈࡾऀͷιϑτ΢ΣΞɺจॻɺΠϯλʔϑΣΠεɺίϯςϯπɺϑΥϯτɺ͓ΑͼҰ੾ͷσʔλʢҎԼʮΦϦδφϧ"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞʯͱ͍͍·͢ʣ͸ɺ"QQMFϒϥϯυͷίϯϐϡʔλ΋͘͠͸αϙʔτର৅ͷपลثػʹରͯ͠"QQMF͕ఏڙ͢Δɺػೳվળɺιϑτ΢ΣΞΞοϓσʔτɺηΩϡϦςΟରࡦɺγεςϜϑΝΠϧɺ·ͨ͸γεςϜ෮ݩιϑτ΢ΣΞʹΑͬͯߋ৽͞Εͨ΋ͷɺ·ͨ͸ஔ͖׵͑ΒΕͨ΋ͷʢҎԼʮ"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞͷมߋʯͱ͍͍·͢ʣ΋ؚΊͯʢҎԼʮΦϦδφϧ"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞʯͱʮ"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞͷมߋʯΛ૯শͯ͠ʮ"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞʯͱ͍͍·͢ʣɺ"QQMF*ODʢҎԼʮ"QQMFʯͱ͍͍·͢ʣ͕ɺ͓٬༷ʹରͯ͠ɺຊܖ໿৚݅ʹै͏৔߹ʹݶΓ࢖༻Λڐ୚͢Δ΋ͷͰ͋Γɺൢച͢Δ΋ͷͰ͸͋Γ·ͤΜɻ·ͨɺ"QQMF·ͨ͸"QQMFͷϥΠηϯαʔ͸ɺ"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞࣗମͷॴ༗ݖΛอ༗͠ɺ͓٬༷ʹ໌ࣔతʹ෇༩͞Ε͍ͯͳ͍ݖརͷ͢΂ͯΛཹอ͠·͢ɻ͓٬༷͸ɺ͓٬༷ͷ"QQMFϒϥϯυͷϋʔυ΢ΣΞʹϓϦΠϯετʔϧ͞Ε͍ͯΔ͢΂ͯͷ"QQMFϒϥϯυͷΞϓϦέʔγϣϯιϑτ΢ΣΞ੡඼ʹɺຊܖ໿ͷ֤৚߲͕ద༻͞ΕΔ͜ͱʹಉҙ͞Εͨ΋ͷͱ͠·͢ɻͨͩ͠ɺ౰֘ιϑτ΢ΣΞ͕ผݸͷϥΠηϯεΛ൐͏৔߹ɺ͓٬༷͸ɺ౰֘ιϑτ΢ΣΞͷ࢖༻ʹ͸ɺͦͷผݸͷϥΠηϯε͕ద༻͞ΕΔ͜ͱʹಉҙ͞Εͨ΋ͷͱ͠·͢ɻ#"QQMF͸ɺͦͷಠࣗͷࡋྔʹΑΓɺ"ޙࠓQQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞͷมߋΛߦ͏͜ͱ͕Ͱ͖·͢ɻ"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞͷมߋ͕ଘࡏ͢Δ৔߹ɺͦΕΒʹ͸ɺߦݱͷιϑτ΢ΣΞػೳͷ͢΂ͯɺ·ͨ͸"QQMF͕"QQMFϒϥϯυͷίϯϐϡʔλͷ৽ن·ͨ͸ͦͷଞͷϞσϧͷͨΊʹϦϦʔε͢Δ৽͍͠ػೳ͕ඞؚͣ·ΕΔͱ͸ݶΓ·ͤΜɻຊܖ໿ͷ৚݅͸ɺ"QQMF͕ఏڙ͢Δ"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞͷมߋʹద༻͞Ε·͢ɻͨͩ͠ɺ͔͔Δ"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞͷมߋʹผͷϥΠηϯε͕෇͞ΕΔ৔߹͸ɺͦͷผͷϥΠηϯε͕ద༻͞Ε·͢ɻ$"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞʹΑΓදࣔ͞ΕΔ͔ɺΞΫηε͞ΕΔίϯςϯπͷҰ੾ͷॴ༗ݖ͓Αͼ஌త࢈ࡒݖ͸ɺͦΕͧΕͷίϯςϯπॴ༗ऀʹؼଐ͠·͢ɻ౰֘ίϯςϯπ͸ɺஶݖ࡞·ͨ͸ͦͷଞͷ஌త࢈ࡒݖʹؔ͢Δ๏཯͓Αͼ৚໿ʹΑͬͯอޢ͞ΕΔ͜ͱ͕͋Γɺ౰֘ίϯςϯπΛఏڙ͢Δୈࡾऀͷ࢖༻৚݅ʹै͍ͬͯͨͩ͘͜ͱ͕͋Γ·͢ɻຊܖ໿ʹผ్ఆΊͷ͋Δ৔߹Λআ͖ɺຊܖ໿͸ɺ͜ΕΒͷίϯςϯπΛ࢖༻͢Δ͍͔ͳΔݖར΋͓٬༷ʹ෇༩͢Δ΋ͷͰ΋ɺ͜ΕΒͷίϯςϯπ͕͓٬༷ʹఏڙ͞Εଓ͚Δ͜ͱΛอূ͢Δ΋ͷͰ΋͋Γ·ͤΜɻ͓٬༷͸/FXT͓ΑͼϚοϓΛ௨ͯ͡ΞΫηε͞ΕͨΠϝʔδͷҰ੾ΛɺελϯυΞϩϯϑΝΠϧͱͯ͠࠶൛ɺ࠶ૹ͓Αͼෳ੡͢Δ͜ͱ͸ې͡ΒΕ͍ͯ·͢ɻڐ୚͞Εͨ࢖༻ํ๏͓Αͼͦͷ੍ݶ"ϓϦΠϯετʔϧ͓Αͼγϯάϧίϐʔ"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞϥΠηϯεຊܖ໿ͷ֤৚݅ʹैͬͯɺ͓٬༷͕"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞΛ.BD"QQ4UPSF͔Βɺࣗಈμ΢ϯϩʔυΛ௨ͯ͡·ͨ͸ϘϦϡʔϜϥΠηϯεɺࣗಈૹ෇αʔϏεܖ໿·ͨ͸ͦͷଞ"QQMFͱͷܖ໿ॻʹैͬͯऔಘͨ͠৔߹Λআ͍ͯɺ͓٬༷͸ɺৗ࣌ɺ୆ͷ"QQMFϒϥϯυͷίϯϐϡʔλʹ"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞΛ෦Πϯετʔϧ͠ɺ࢖༻͠ɺՔಇͤ͞Δ͜ͱ͕Ͱ͖Δ੍ݶతɺඇಠ઎తϥΠηϯεΛ෇༩͞Ε·͢ɻͨͱ͑͹ɺ౰֘γϯάϧίϐʔϥΠηϯεͷ৚߲͸ɺ͓٬༷͕"QQMFϒϥϯυͷϋʔυ΢ΣΞʹϓϦΠϯετʔϧ͞Εͨ"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞΛऔಘͨ͠৔߹ʹద༻͞Ε·͢ɻ#.BD"QQ4UPSFϥΠηϯε͓٬༷͕"QQMFιϑτ΢ΣΞͷϥΠηϯεΛ.BD"QQ4UPSF͔Βɺ·ͨ͸ࣗಈμ΢ϯϩʔυΛ௨ͯ͡औಘͨ͠৔߹ɺຊܖ໿͓Αͼ"QQMFϝσΟΞαʔϏεن໿ʹنఆ͢ΔຊαʔϏεͱίϯςϯπͷར༻ϧʔϧʢIUUQTXXXBQQMFDPNKQMFHBMJOUFSOFUTFSWJDFTJUVOFTKQUFSNTIUNMʣʢҎԼʮར༻ϧʔϧʯͱ͍͍·͢ʣͰೝΊΒΕ͍ͯΔܖ໿৚݅ʹैͬͯɺ͓٬༷͸ɺҎԼͷ੍ݶతɺৡ౉ෆೳͷɺඇಠ઎తϥΠηϯε͕෇༩͞Ε·͢ɻ	J
Predicted Category: Audit/Verification-Rights
